The NeverEnding Story VHS#6303212395
Wolfgang Petersen (<I>In the Line of Fire</I>) made his first English-language film with this 1984 fantasy about a boy (Barret Oliver) visualizing the stories of a book he's reading. The imagined tale involves another boy, a warrior (Noah Hathaway), and his efforts to save the empire of Fantasia from a nemesis called the Nothing. Whether or not the scenario sticks in the memory, what does linger are the unique effects, which are not quite like anything else. Plenty of good fairy-tale characters and memorable scenes, and the film even encourages kids to read. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
this movie is a great movie
i like watching this movie
and the movie sucked me into the story

The Lincoln Lawyer#B004EPYZP8
In the gripping thriller The Lincoln Lawyer, Matthew McConaughey stars as Michael Mick Haller, a slick, charismatic Los Angeles criminal defense attorney who operates out of the back of his Lincoln Continental sedan. Having spent most of his career defending petty, gutter- variety criminals, Mick unexpectedly lands the case of a lifetime: defending a rich Beverly Hills playboy (Ryan Phillippe) who is accused of attempted murder. However, what initially appears to be a straightforward case with a big money pay-off swiftly develops into a deadly match between two masters of manipulation and a crisis of conscience for Haller.
it 's worth watching
it is a great thriller that keeps you guessing until the end
it is the highlight in the movie

Fast Five#B004EPYZQC
Fugitive Dom Toretto (Vin Diesel) partners with former cop Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) on the opposite side of the law in exotic Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. There they are hunted by a high-powered US strike force led by their toughest Fed (Dwayne Johnson) and an army of corrupt cops working for a ruthless drug kingpin. To gain their freedom and win this ultimate high-stakes race, they must pull off one last job -- an insane heist worth $100 million.
a good movie
i 'm a big fan of the first one but i 'm not sure why
the actors were great and the actors were great

Roswell - The Complete First Season#B0000TPA6K
Opening with a Dido theme song and featuring character-driven, sweet-natured melodrama, Roswell was a show with a surprisingly dedicated fandom, who twice won it reprieve from cancellation. One of its main strengths was, of course, the extent to wh
 it is a great movie to watch .
it 's worth a watch
i was a huge fan of the aliens in the first season

American Splendor#B0000U0X20
Based on the life and work of underground comic book writer Harvey Pekar- a prickly poet of the mundane who knows that all the strategizing in the world can't save a guy from picking the wrong supermarket checkout line.
the film is a great example of how to be a comic book in the
and the studios are in the late 50s
i watched it several times

Mission: Impossible Ghost Protocol#B004EPYZUS
No plan. No backup. No choice. Agent Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) and his elite team (Jeremy Renner, <em>The Avengers</em> and Simon Pegg, <em>Star Trek</em>) go underground after a bombing of the Kremlin implicates the IMF as international terrorists. While trying to clear the agency's name, the team uncovers a plot to start a nuclear war. Now, to save the world, they must use every high-tech trick in the book. The mission has never been more real, more dangerous, or more impossible.
 the film is a must see for any fan of the series .
the stunts are great and the action scenes are great
great plot

Wyatt Earp VHS#6303269826
Kevin Costner plays the most famous lawman ever to stride the Wild West in a film of romance,adventure and desperate,heroic action.Also starring Dennis Quaid and Gene Hackman.(Double Cassette).Original Videos &amp; Cover.
with a great cast of actors
 a good ending .
this is a great epic

Endless Summer VHS#630327417X
VHS FORMAT. First shown in theaters in 1966. 1995, NewLine Home Video, color, 90 minutes. Item N4028. "Breathtaking, sweeping and exciting." Here is a documentary on surfing, as seen and directed by Bruce Brown. The world of the surfer became known to a wide audience with this film. Footage from West Africa / Australia / Tahiti / and other locales. Famous color graphics on front cover of video.
there are some very funny moments
 this is a very good family film .
the story is a little slow and there is a lot of extras in this

Apollo 18#B004EPYZXK
Officially, Apollo 17, launched December 7, 1972, was the last manned mission to the moon. But two years later, in December of 1974, two American astronauts were sent on a secret mission to the moon funded by the U.S. Department of Defense. What you are about to see is the actual footage which the astronauts captured on that mission. While NASA denies its authenticity, others say its the real reason weve never gone back to the moon.
but it 's not a bad movie to watch
i think that the killer is a killer
 i do n't know what i expected , but i do n't know what

Akira VHS#6303305520
A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psionic psychopath that only two kids and a group of psionics can stop.
the characters are great
the dvd has a lot of special features
the documentary is a good documentary on the dvd

Dolphin Tale#B004EPZ01G
In an inspiring story of the bond between animals and humans, a boy named Sawyer discovers an injured dolphin, who is brought to a marine hospital and named Winter. Unfortunately, her injuries cost Winter her tail, without which she may not survive. But with Sawyer's devotion, a marine biologist's (Harry Connick Jr.) and the brilliance of a prosthetist (Morgan Freeman) charged with creating a new tail, Winter may receive a second chance at life.
i think he 's a great hero
this movie is very good
 a very good story .

Cabin Fever#B0000VCZNE
As A Last Hurrah After College, Friends Jeff,Karen,Paul,Marcyand Bert Embark On A Vacation Deep Into The Mountains. With Thetop Down And The Music Up They Drive To A Remote Cabin To Enjoytheir Last Days Of Decadence Before Entering The Working World.Then Sombody Gets Sick.
this movie is not a bad movie
it is a good horror movie
 this is a good zombie flick .

Conan: The Complete Quest (Conan the Barbarian / Conan the Destroyer)#B0000VD12I
The action-adventures of the legendary warrior Conan come together in the epic collection, Conan: The Complete Quest. Bursting with raw energy and tremendous star power (Grace Jones, Wilt Chamberlain and James Earl Jones), this collection traces the saga of Conan's (Arnold Schwarzenegger) search for vengeance as he battles the armies of darkness in his unforgettable quest to save mankind!
the best character ever
but it 's still a great action adventure
this movie was a great movie to watch and enjoy it

Friends with Benefits#B004EPZ0BG
Dylan (Justin Timberlake) is done with relationships. Jamie (Mila Kunis) decides to stop buying into the Hollywood clichs of true love. When the two become friends they decide to try something new and take advantage of their mutual attraction  but without any emotional attachment. Physical pleasure without the entanglements. Sounds easy enough for two logical adults, right? Not so much. They soon realize romantic comedy stereotypes might exist for a reason.
the dialogue is so bad that i felt like i was watching it
and do n't know why the actors are not in the movie
the cast is great and the actors are very good

Jumpin' Jack Flash VHS#6303394035
Terry works for a bank, and uses computers to communicate with clients all over the world. One day she gets a coded message from an unknown source. After decoding the message, Terry becomes embroiled in an espionage ring. People are killed, and Terry is chased. Throughout she remains in contact with this unknown person, who needs Terry to help save his life.
and this film was a great film
this is a great film
i have to say that the story of the story is a real hero

Big VHS#630339406X
At a carnival, young Josh Baskin (HANKS) wishes he was big-only to awake the next morning and discover he is! With the help of his friend Billy (JARED RUSHTON), Josh lands a job at a toy company. There, his inner wisdom enables him to successfully predict what children want to buy, making the awestruck, nave Josh irresistible to a beautiful ladder-climbing colleague (ELIZABETH PERKINS). But the more he experiences being an adult, the more Josh longs for the simple joys of childhood.
this is a great movie and a great dvd to watch with great special features
it is a great family movie
great casting

House Of The Dead#B0000YEE6C
Jonathan Cherry, Tyron Leitso. When a group of college students take their Florida spring break party to a deserted island off the coast, they are attacked by bloodthirsty zombies, and the only way to fight back is to locate weapons for defense. 2003/color/90 min/R/widescreen.
i was n't sure to watch this film in the theater
i agree with the previous reviewers
it 's not a low budget

Air Force One#0767803434
The fate of the nation rests on the courage of one man. Harrison Ford and Gary Oldman star in two-time Oscar(r) nominee Wolfgang Petersen's gripping thriller about an uncompromising U.S. President who has just told the world he will not negotiate with terrorists. When Russian neo-nationalists hijack Air Force One, the world's most secure and extraordinary aircraft, the President is faced with a nearly impossible decision to give in to terrorist demands or sacrifice not only the country's dignity,but the lives of his wife and daughter.
the movie is a fun watch and watch for a rainy afternoon
this film is a great film
there are some good moments

Gattaca#0767805712
Ethan Hawke, Uma Thurman, Alan Arkin and Jude Law star in this engrossing sci-fi thriller about an all-too-human man who dares to defy a system obsessed with genetic perfection. Hawke stars as Vincent, an "In-Valid" who assumes the identity of a member of the genetic elite to pursue his goal of traveling into space with the Gattaca Aerospace Corporation. However, a week before his mission, a murder marks Vincent as a suspect. With a relentless investigator in pursuit and the colleague he has fallen in love with beginning to suspect his deception, Vincent's dreams steadily unravel.
watch this one
and the characters are very good
it is a good start

Rio#B004HO6I4M
This comedy-adventure centers on Blu, a flightless macaw who acts more human than bird. When Blu, the last of his kind, discovers theres another  and that shes a she  he embarks on an adventure to magical Rio. There, he meets Jewel and a menagerie of vivid characters who help Blu fulfill his dream and learn to fly.
great movie to watch
this is a good comedy with a lot of laughs and a good story
this movie is very funny and entertaining

Richie Rich VHS#630341964X
Live-action adaptation of the comic-book adventures of an extremely rich little boy and his efforts to do good. The story turns on a dastardly plot which involves the kidnapping of Richie's parents.
a great movie
but he is a great actor
the only reason i 've seen this movie in the series and i 'm not

Clerks VHS#6303430570
If you're in the market for wildly funny entertainment, CLERKS delivers with wholesale hilarity! It's one wacky day in the life of a pair of overworked counter jockeys whose razor-sharp wit and on-the-job antics give a whole new meaning to customer service! Even while bracing a nonstop parade of unpredictable shoppers, the clerks manage to play hockey on the roof, visit a funeral home, and straighten out their offbeat love lives! The boss is nowhere in sight, so you can bet anything can -- and will -- happen when these guys are left to run the store.
and the video and audio quality are great
if you like comedy and comedy
in this movie he is one of the most talented actresses in the movie

The Switch#B004IK30PA
Jennifer Aniston stars alongside Jason Bateman in this offbeat comedy as Kassie, a smart, fun-loving single woman who, despite her neurotic best friend Wallys (Bateman) objections, decides its time to have a baby  even if it means doing it herselfwith a little help from a charming sperm donor (Patrick Wilson). But, unbeknownst to her, Kassies plans go awry because of a last-minute switch that isnt discovered until seven years laterwhen Wally gets acquainted with Kassies cute  though slightly neurotic  son. From the people behind <i>Little Miss Sunshine</i> and <i>Juno</i> comes <i>The Switch</i>.
 i love this movie and i love it .
it is a romantic comedy that is worth watching
this movie is very funny and i love it

Thirteen#B00013RC2K
When 13-year-old Tracy befriends the most popular girl in school, she begins a shocking self-destructive transformation--leaving a frantic single mom powerless to rescue her daughter from a whirlwind of drugs, sex and crime.
this is a documentary about a documentary about the making of the film
the soundtrack is very good
i think that she is a great actress

Falling Skies: S1 (DVD)#B004LROMWU
Falling Skies opens in the aftermath of an alien attack that has left most of the world completely incapacitated. The few remaining survivors have banded together. Each day is a test of survival as citizen soldiers work to protect the people while engaging in a campaign against the occupying alien force, whose purpose remains a mystery. Starring Noah Wyle, Moon Bloodgood, and Will Patton.
there is a lot of drama in the first season
i watched it in the theater and it was a great show
it is worth watching if you like the actors and the actors are all the

Insidious#B004LWZW24
From the makers of Paranormal Activity, <i>Insidious</i> is the terrifying story of a family who, shortly after moving, discovers that dark spirits have possessed their home and that their son has inexplicably fallen into a coma. Trying to escape the haunting and save their son, they move again only to realize that it was not their house that was haunted.
but it is worth watching
one of the best films of all time
it is a moving and moving

Rise of the Planet of the Apes#B004LWZW4M
<em>Rise of the Planet of the Apes</em> is a revolution; an action-packed epic featuring stunning visual effects and creatures unlike anything ever seen before. At the story's heart is Caesar (Andy Serkis), a chimpanzee who gains human-like intelligence and emotions from an experimental drug. Raised like a child by the drug's creator (James Franco), Caesar ultimately finds himself taken from the humans he loves and imprisoned. Seeking justice, Caesar assembles a simian army and escapes -- putting man and primate on a collision course that could change the planet forever.
i liked the movie
but it turns out to be a good
a prequel to the classic series

Ripley's Game#B00018D40O
Mr. Ripley emerges from retirement to preside over one last deadly game, but can he persuade an innocent man to commit murder?
but the film is definitely worth viewing
the movie is a good little movie
but the film is a little too much for the most part of the film

F for Fake VHS#6303473261
Master storyteller Orson Welles weaves a wry, often whimsical, documentary about the nature of art to bedazzle and fool us all. With mock intensity, Welles investigates the charming Elmyr de Hory, who makes a lavish living painting fake Picassos and Matisses. Equally captivating is Welles' own trickery and a glimpse behind his public facade.
the only segment in the movie is a very interesting and interesting story
but it was a great release
but the actor is a good actor

The Third Man VHS#630347327X
Oscar-winning cinematography and a deftly woven script turn the simple story of an American writer (Joseph Cotten) who travels to Vienna to meet his old friend Harry Lime (Orson Welles) into a haunting noir masterpiece. 1949, b&w, 100 min.
and the classic of the classic is a classic
the film is a little more than a film
the disc is a little too long and has a lot of special features

The Sitter#B004LWZW5G
When the worldas most irresponsible babysitter takes three of the worldas worst kids on an unforgettable overnight adventure through the streets of New York City, itas anyoneas guess whoas going to make it home in one piece. THE SITTER is a new level of twisted and debauched hilarity from the director of Pineapple Express.
it 's a comedy that is n't as good as it 's a little too
it 's a good movie to watch
the cast was very good

School of Rock#B00018U9FW
Jack Black, Joan Cusack. Looking for an easy gig, a down-and-out wannabe rock star takes a temp teaching job at a posh boarding school. Instead he finds a classroom full of uptight kids with a gap in their education-the art of rock 'n' roll. Soon the kids are reading, writing and rocking, getting ready for a battle of the bands competition! A nonstop comedy by Richard Linklater. 2003/color/109 min/PG-13/widescreen.
the cast is great
but this movie is a great movie
it has some funny moments

In Time#B004LWZW7E
When Will Salas is falsely accused of murder, he must figure out a way to bring down a system where time is money -- literally -- enabling the wealthy to live forever while the poor, like Will, have to beg, borrow, and steal enough minutes to make it through another day.
i think he 's a great performance
this is a good movie for the whole family
i think the actors were great

Puss in Boots#B004LWZW7Y
You loved him in Shreknow see where the one-and-only swashbuckling feline found his fame  and a very big pair of boots  in the "hilariously funny" (Associated Press) animated epic! Lover, fighter and outlaw Puss In Boots (Antonio Banderas) is off on the adventure of his nine lives as he teams up with Kitty Softpaws (Salma Hayek) and Humpty Dumpty (Zach Galifianakis) for the ultimate showdown with the notorious Jack and Jill (Billy Bob Thornton, Amy Sedaris). Here's the true story of The Cat, The Myth, The Legend  Puss In Boots!
this is a great sequel
it 's worth a watch
the movie is a fun ride that is fun to watch and enjoy

Chappelle's Show - Season 1#B00018YCIM
The 2003 debut of Chappelle's Show on Comedy Central marked a high point for the cable channel, and now the entire, wildly creative first season can be seen, with hundreds of bleeps removed. That's not to say Chappelle's Show is perfect entertainment: there are too many moments among the 12 episodes here that descend into pointless scatology and booty fever. But for the most part, Chappelle, a talented comic slowly growing into greatness, is trying to push the sketch-humor envelope and succeeds at surprising us with original concepts and merciless execution.
i have seen the first two seasons in the series and the special features are
 if you like the first one , you will love this movie !
 i love the first one .

A Boy &amp; His Dog VHS#6303507565
A cult favorite for years, this faithful version of Harlan Ellison's classic novella enjoyed some mainstream popularity in the mid-'80s when its star, Don Johnson, hit the big time with "Miami Vice." In recent years the movie has settled back into cult status, which is for the best. Johnson (in an excellent performance) is Vic, a simple-minded survivalist who wonders what's left of post-apocalypse America with his dog Blood (played by Tiger of "The Brady Bunch," with voice by singer Tim McIntire), with whom he has a telepathic bond.
i think this movie was good
the humor is so predictable
the best of the 80s is the best of the 80s and the best of

Mona Lisa Smile#B0001ADAVK
Academy Award(r)-winner Julia Roberts (Best Actress in a Leading Role, Erin Brockovich, 2000) leads an all-star cast featuring Kirsten Dunst, Julia Stiles, Maggie Gyllenhall and Marcia Gay Harden. MONA LISA SMILE is a funny, inspiring and uplifting film about an art history professor with a lot to teach about life and much to learn about romance.
the acting is superb and the acting is superb
the acting is not bad
and the rest of the cast is not bad

Dracula: The Legacy Collection (Dracula / Dracula (1931 Spanish Version) / Dracula's Daughter / Son of Dracula / House of Dracula)#B0001CNRLG
For the first time ever, the original Dracula film comes to DVD in this extraordinary Legacy Collection. Included in the collection is the original classic, starring the renowned Bela Lugosi, and three timeless sequels, featuring such legendary actors as Lon Chaney Jr., John Carradine and others. These are the landmark films that inspired an entire genre of movies and continue to be major influences on motion pictures to this day.
i watched this movie in the theater
the plot is very good
the film is a film that is worth watching

Frankenstein: The Legacy Collection (Frankenstein / The Bride of Frankenstein / Son of Frankenstein / The Ghost of Frankenstein / House of Frankenstein)#B0001CNRLQ
For the first time ever, the original Frankenstein film comes to DVD in this extraordinary Legacy Collection. Included in the collection is the original classic, starring the renowned Boris Karloff, and four timeless sequels, featuring such legendary actors as Bela Lugosi and Lon Chaney Jr. These are the landmark films that inspired an entire genre of movies and continue to be major influences on motion pictures to this day.
the movie is very good
the best of the classic movies of the series .
the special features are also included in the film

21 Grams#B0001CNRRU
The emotionally and physically charged lives of three people, a college professor (Sean Penn), an ex-con (Benicio Del Toro) and a young mother with a reckless past (Naomi Watts), collide unexpectedly in this gripping suspense thriller. Fate brought them together. Now vengeance will take them to the heights of love, the depths of revenge and the promise of redemption. Sean Penn, Benicio Del Toro and Naomi Watts give the finest performances of their careers in the film that is "tantalizingly alive!" (Owen Gleiberman, Entertainment Weekly)
the performances are excellent and the performances are excellent
the film is a career in a career of a career that is not worth
 i think it is a great story and a great story line and the

Dr. No VHS Tape#6303651453
The film that introduced the world to Sean Connery as James Bond. 007 is sent to Jamaica to investigate the murders of two British operatives
the trailers are included in the film
and i have to say that i have to say that i have to say
i was not sure how to this movie

Jesse Stone: Innocents Lost#B004QOB8UC
Tom Selleck returns as Paradise's anguished former Chief of Police, Jesse Stone, in his most gripping mystery yet. Cindy Van Aldan was like a daughter to Jesse. Now she's dead. Although all signs point to a suicidal drug overdose-a checkered history riddled with addiction, associations with homicidal mobsters and an involvement in prostitution-Jesse knows his friend better than that. This time it's personal, and Jesse will stop at nothing to avenge the lost innocence and subsequent death of the young girl he once mentored.
 i love it .
but there are some great moments in this film
the storyline is great and the storyline is great

Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed#B0001EFV7M
Brigitte is an addict. After mixing blood with her late sister Ginger in an attempt to learn more about the condition she has beeen infected with: "the curse." Each day, the curse in her grows stronger and she must increase her dosage of wolfsbane inject
and the ending is a good ending
and the sequels are better than the original
and the storyline is pretty good

Bottle Rocket#0767821408
Newcomer Owen Wilson, in a star-making performance, co-wrote the screenplay about three best friends who attempt to escape their suburban boredom through a life of crime. But these bickering, bumbling thieves are no match for the local "godfather" (James Caan) who leads them into the biggest heist of their careers. Co-starring Luke Wilson and Bob Musgrave in their film debuts.
and the acting is superb
i think it is a great start to the end
 i have to say that this is a must see .

The Descendants#B004UXUX4Q
From Alexander Payne; the creator of the Oscar-winning SIDEWAYS; set in Hawaii; THE DESCENDANTS is a sometimes humorous; sometimes tragic journey for Matt King (George Clooney) an indifferent husband and father of two girls; who is forced to re-examine his past and embrace his future when his wife suffers a boating accident off of Waikiki. The event leads to a rapprochement with his young daughters while Matt wrestles with a decision to sell the familys land handed down from Hawaiian royalty and missionaries.
the story is about a young boy who is a young boy
it is a very moving and moving film that is very well done
i was expecting a film about a young boy

Gospel of John#B0001FT50A
The Gospel of John, the best-loved of the four Gospels,vividly comes to life in a faithful and powerful dramatization of the Biblical text. The Gospel of John meticulously re-creates the era of Jesus during a tumultuous period that changed the course of history. Starring Henry Ian Cusick as Jesus, and narrated by Christopher Plummer, and with a cast of over 2500, The Gospel of John has been adapted for the screen, word for word, base on the American Bible Society's Good News Bible, by Emmy-nominated John Goldsmith and is directed by acclaimed British director Philip Saville.
the actors are excellent and the actors are superb
 i do n't know what i would say about this movie .
the cast is excellent and the story is very well done

Earth vs the Flying Saucers VHS#6303686850
A textbook example of '50s-era science fiction, <I>Earth vs. the Flying Saucers</I> boasts not only a solid script and competent performances, but some genuinely impressive stop-motion effects courtesy of one of the industry's uncontested masters, Ray Harryhausen. Scientist Hugh Marlowe (who faced a more benevolent invader from space five years earlier in <I>The Day the Earth Stood Still</I>) discovers that UFOs are responsible for the destruction of a series of exploratory space rockets launched by his space exploration project. The saucers' helmeted pilots land on Earth and deliver an ultimatum to humanity via Marlowe: fealty or complete annihilation.
this is a movie that is not as good as the first time
the big screen is better than the previous two
the special effects are great

Crimson Tide VHS#6303696813
In the typical Don Simpson-Jerry Bruckheimer mold (the partnership yielded <I>Top Gun</I> and <I>Days of Thunder</I>, among many other films), this 1995 drama is a combination of one-dimensional but enjoyable performances, lots of high-tech nonsense taking place onscreen, and mechanistic movie-making at its loudest and most seizure-inducing. Gene Hackman and Denzel Washington play nuclear submarine officers squaring off over the former's apparent intention to do some unauthorized damage to an enemy. Tony Scott (<I>Top Gun</I>) directed, bringing his luster and pop commercial sense to go with all that Simpson-Bruckheimer eye candy. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
and a great comedian
and a great cast
and the action scenes are great

Source Code#B004XQO90E
A helicopter pilot (Gyllenhaal) recruited for a top-secret military operation finds himself on a startlingly different kind of mission in Source Code, a smart, fast-paced action thriller that challenges our assumptions about time and space. Filled with mind-boggling twists and heart-pounding suspense, Source Code is directed by Duncan Jones (Moon).
the plot is very good
 the acting is superb .
good movie

Like Crazy#B004Z29XEI
<em>Like Crazy</em> beautifully illustrates how your first real love is as thrilling and blissful as it is devastating. When a British college student (Felicity Jones) falls for her American classmate (Anton Yelchin), they embark on a passionate and life-changing journey only to be separated when she violates the terms of her visa. <em>Like Crazy </em>explores how a couple faces the real challenges of being together and of being apart. Winner of the Grand Jury Prize for best Actress for Felicity Jones, <em>Like Crazy</em> depicts both the hopefulness and the heartbreak of love.
this is a good drama
this is a very good film about a group of friends who are trying to
i think i was expecting a good character

Clueless VHS#6303853102
Alicia Silverstone won everyone over with her portrayal of a Beverly Hills teen, Cher, whose penchant for helping others with their relationships and self-esteem is a cover for her own loneliness. Director Amy Heckerling (<I>Fast Times at Ridgemont High</I>) made a smart, funny variation on Jane Austen's novel <I>Emma</I>, sweetly romantic and gently satirical of <I>90210</I> social manners. The cast is unbeatable: Dan Hedaya as Cher's rock-solid dad, Wallace Shawn as a geeky teacher, Paul Rudd as the boy who has always been Cher's surrogate brother--and the true holder of her most secret wishes. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the story was good and the plot was good
it is a great movie
it 's a great actress

Paul#B0050PYNO4
Simon Pegg and Nick Frost (<i>Hot Fuzz</i>, <i>Shaun of the Dead</i>) reunite as sci-fi geeks taking a pilgrimage to America's UFO heartland. There they meet a smart-ass alien, Paul (voiced by Seth Rogen), who takes them on an insane road trip. As they struggle to return Paul home, the little green man might just take the outcasts from misfits to intergalactic heroes.
this film is not a bad film
this is a great movie
the characters are very funny and the characters are very good

Dylan Dog: Dead of Night#B0053WQE6O
Dylan Dog (Brandon Routh) is a world famous private detective who specializes in the supernatural. Armed with an edgy wit and carrying an arsenal of silver and wood-tipped bullets, Dylan must track down a dangerous artifact before a war ensues between his werewolf, vampire and zombie clients living undercover in the monster infested backstreets of New Orleans.
this movie is awesome
he sucked in the movie
it 's a good pace

Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice Six Piece Collector's VHS#6303921248
Hailed as "the best Austen of all" by The New York Times and deemed "one of the best things ever done for television anywhere" by Sneak Previews, this brilliant adaptation of Jane Austens classic novel is A&Es most popular title ever. Jennifer Ehle and Colin Firth (Shakespeare in Love) star in this Emmy-winning production.
 the actors are very good .
this is a masterpiece of a classic novel
and the cast is excellent

Masterpiece Mystery: Inspector Lewis 4#B00560317S
Four new mysteries, inspired by the Inspector Morse novels of Colin Dexter. Episodes include - Old Unhappy Far Off Things, Wild Justice, The Mind Has Mountains, and The Gift of Promise.
this is a series of fun and watchable
 the series is very well done .
the humor is so much more than the first one

Prophecy VHS#630395278X
A prime candidate for cult status (it even spawned a sequel), this apocalyptic 1995 horror flick belongs in the darker corners of the comedy-horror sub-genre that includes <I>Buffy the Vampire Slayer</I>, <I>Mimic</I>, and <I>Phantoms</I>--and like those movies it's a mixed blessing with some highlights worth savoring.
but turns out to be a good
he is a detective in the police
but it 's not a horror film

Babylon 5: The Complete Television Series#B0001M3MXY
Own all five seasons of the award-winning series about the space station that's the tumultuous center of the 23rd century's bid for peace among humans and aliens.
the saga is a good science fiction film
 i 'm not sure why i 'm a big fan of the show .
i was n't sure how much of the first season was the best

A River Runs Through It#0767836359
Academy Award(r)-winner Robert Redford (Best Director, Ordinary People, 1980) captures the majesty ofthe Montana wilderness and the strength of the American family in this acclaimed adaptation of Norman Maclean's classic memoir. Craig Sheffer stars as the young Norman, and Brad Pitt stars as his brother Paul, an irresistible daredevil driven to challenge the world. Growing up, both boys rebel against their stern minister father. While Norman channels his rebellion into writing, Paul descends a slippery path to self-destruction. Co-starring Tom Skerritt as the Reverend Maclean and Emily Lloyd as wild-hearted Jessie Burns.
this is a movie that is worth watching
 this movie is one of the best movies i have ever seen .
this movie is one of the best movies i 've seen in a long time

Three's Company: Season 2#B0001O3YHQ
<P style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 10pt" class=MsoNormal><SPAN style="LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Verdana','sans-serif'; BACKGROUND: white; FONT-SIZE: 8pt">All 25 Episodes Plus the Never-Before-Seen Pilot Episode #1-made before Joyce DeWitt and Suzanne Somers were cast<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p></SPAN></P><P style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 10pt" class=MsoNormal><SPAN style="LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Verdana','sans-serif'; BACKGROUND: white; FONT-SIZE: 8pt">John Ritter--Always Leave Them Laughing: An All-New Documentary Featuring Interviews With Joyce DeWitt<o:p></o:p></SPAN></P><P style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 10pt" class=MsoNormal><SPAN style="LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Verdana','sans-serif'; BACKGROUND: white; FONT-SIZE: 8pt">Blooper Reel<o:p></o:p></SPAN></P><P style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 10pt" class=MsoNormal><SPAN style="LI
i 'm a big fan of the big screen
i 've watched several episodes in the series
the first season of the show is a little too long

Barbershop 2: Back in Business#B0001Q4BOE
Ice Cube, Cedric the Entertainer, Queen Latifah. Calvin and the crew must contend with a trendy new stylist who moves in across the street and stop a shady development deal from ruining the entire neighborhood in this hilarious sequel. 2004/color/100 min/PG-13/widescreen.
the cast is excellent
i watched this one in the theater
the first two thirds of the movie is a little too long for the first

Il Postino VHS#6303977898
Cheered by critics and audiences everywhere, IL POSTINO (THE POSTMAN) is the record-breaking Academy Award(R)-winning romantic comedy that delivers heartfelt laughs! Mario is a bumbling mailman who's madly in love with the most beautiful woman in town ... and who's too shy to tell her how he feels. But when a world-famous poet -- Pablo Neruda -- moves into town, Mario is inspired. With Neruda's help, he finds the right words to win the woman's heart! This unforgettably funny comedy proves that passion ... with some artful deception ... can win the most improbable love!
the scenery is beautiful and the scenery is beautiful
the production values are excellent and the production values are excellent
i watched this movie in the theater

I, Claudius VHS#6303980813
This superbly acted, mordantly funny romp through 70&nbsp;years or so of Roman history is one of the best-loved miniseries ever made, and deservedly so. Derek Jacobi plays Roman Emperor Claudius, who reflects in old age on his life and his remarkable family, giving us a history lesson that's unlike anything you learned in school.
 the picture quality is excellent .
this was a great flick
i was able to watch this movie when it was first released

Nine Lives#B0001US6C8
Nine friends seclude themselves in an old, isolated Scottish manstion for a birthday party weekend bash. Cut off from the outside world by a snowstorm, they explore the old mansion and stumble across a book containing a history of the old estate. Formerly belonging to an old Scot patriot, the house was taken away and his eyes gouged out. Though they pay no attention to the gruesome chronicle, strange behavior soon invades the group and one by one they disappear.
and the slow scenes
the dvd is a good movie
the photography is very good

Coriolanus#B0059XTUR2
The classic legend of honor and betrayal has been astonishingly re-imagined in this exhilarating action thriller that wields a profound relevance for today. Caius Martius 'Coriolanus' (star and director Ralph Fiennes) is a feared and revered Roman General, suddenly pitted against his own city and fellow citizens. Rebelling against the power-hungry designs of his manipulative mother (Vanessa Redgrave) and rejected by his own people, Coriolanus incites a riot that expels him from Rome. The banished hero joins forces with his sworn enemy Tullus Aufidius (Gerard Butler) to exact his revenge -- and determine his destiny.
the cast is excellent and the actors are excellent
 i 've watched it several times and i 'm not sure .
i have to say that i have to say that i had to say that

Torchwood Miracle Day anglais#B005A5IAC0
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
the extras are great
 i was not impressed with the ending .
i was a little disappointed in the first season

Annie#0767853636
ANNIE, the story of everyones favorite plucky, red-haired orphan, finally makes the leap from Broadway to Blu-ray! One day Annie (Aileen Quinn) is chosen to stay for a week with the famous billionaire Daddy Warbucks (Albert Finney). One week turns into many, and the only person standing in the way of Annies fun is Miss Hannigan, the tyrannical ruler of the orphanage (played to hilarious perfection by Carol Burnett). Will Miss Hannigans zany attempts to kidnap the irrepressible Annie succeed? Sing along with the unforgettable songs and experience the beloved musical like never before!
 i love this movie , i love this movie .
i 'm sure the dvd release was released in the theaters
and i 'm not sure why it 's a good release

Powder VHS#6304011431
You've never experienced anything quite like POWDER -- the uplifting, must-see hit that audiences and critics loved! Harassed by classmates who won't accept his shocking appearance, a shy young man known as Powder struggles to fit in. But the cruel taunts stop when Powder displays a mysterious power that allows him to do extraordinary things. This phenomenon changes the lives of all those around him ... in ways they never could have imagined. Hollywood stars Jeff Goldblum (JURASSIC PARK) and Mary Steenburgen (PHILADELPHIA) lead a top-notch cast in this unforgettable story of hope and wonder.
there is a lot of nudity in this movie
and a great film
and a fine actor

The Human Stain#B0001XAPX8
Academy Award(R) winners Anthony Hopkins (1991 Best Actor, THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS) and Nicole Kidman (2002 Best Actress, THE HOURS) along with Gary Sinise (FORREST GUMP) and Ed Harris (THE HOURS) star in the provocative mystery THE HUMAN STAIN. Coleman Silk (Hopkins) has a secret. A terrible 50-year-old secret that the esteemed college professor has kept hidden from everyone  including his wife, his children, and his down-and-out young lover (Kidman)  and it's about to ruin his entire life.
 i was n't expecting a good movie .
it is a very good film
there are some genuinely funny moments

The Simpsons - The Complete Fourth Season#B0001Z3IPS
By its fourth season, The Simpsons had come far enough where Lisa could make a self-referential joke about Dustin Hoffman and Michael Jackson's pseudonymous guest voice appearances in seasons 2 and 3, respectively. In this season, no less than Eliz
the dvd extras are great
it wasnt great
the producers of the show was the producers of the show

The Caller#B005F3XV8U
Troubled divorcee Mary Kee (Rachelle Lefevre Twilight) is tormented by a series of sinister phone calls from a mysterious woman. When the stranger implies that she's calling from the past, Mary tries to break off contact. But the caller doesn't like being ignored, and looks for revenge in a unique and terrifying way. Also starring Stephen Moyer (HBO's "True Blood").
but this film is a horror film that is n't as good as it is
i think it was good but the actors were good
but i 'm not sure that it 's one of the best films of all

Margin Call#B005FITIGO
Set in the high-stakes world of Wall Street, MARGIN CALL is an entangling thriller involving the key players at an investment firm d uring the earliest hours of the 2008 financial crisis. When an entry-level analyst unlocks information that could prove to be the downfall of the firm, a roller-coaster ride ensues as the firm's employees must weigh whether to save their own company (and their jobs) at the risk of fleecing millions of investors.
the cast is excellent
the actors are good
this film is a film that is one of the most interesting and interesting viewers

Young Adult#B005FITIK0
Academy Award&reg; winner Charlize Theron stars as Mavis Gary, a 37-year-old former prom queen, and current writer of young adult novels, who returns home to relive her glory days and win back her now-married high school sweetheart.&nbsp; When she finds her homecoming more challenging than expected, Mavis forms an unusual bond with a former classmate and both must face the harsh realities of growing up in this brilliant and bittersweet story critics are hailing as a &ldquo;one-of-a kind comedy&rdquo;* and &ldquo;quirky, funny, heartfelt.&rdquo;**&nbsp; *Lisa Schwarzbaum, <em>Entertainment Weekly </em>** Manny, DeLa Rose, NBC TV
and the film is a little bit of a lot of good camera work
and a good performance by the cast
 this is a very good film .

The Naked Kiss#0780021088
The setup is pure pulp: A former prostitute relocates to a buttoned-down suburb, determined to fit into mainstream society. But in the strange, hallucinatory territory of writer/director/producer Sam Fuller, perverse secrets simmer beneath a seemingly wholesome facade. Criterion is proud to present <I>The Naked Kiss</I> in a beautiful widescreen transfer.
the first few episodes are not the best
and a very good performance by the actor
and there are some moments in this film

Larry Crowne#B005HWAOHK
Academy Award winners Tom Hanks and Julia Roberts come together for a romantic and optimistic comedy about how its never too late to reinvent yourself. When he suddenly finds himself without his long-standing blue-collar job, Larry Crowne (Hanks) enrolls at his local college to start over. There, he becomes part of an eclectic community of students and develops a crush on his teacher (Roberts). Now this simple guy will discover that when you think everything worth having has passed you by, you just might find your reason to live.
a great actress
but it 's a great plot
 i love this movie and i love it .

Attack the Block#B005J4TLN4
From the producers of <i>Shaun of the Dead</i>, <i>Attack the Block</i> is a fast, funny, frightening action adventure movie that pits a teen street gang against an invasion of savage alien monsters. It turns a London housing project into a sci-fi battleground, the low-income apartment complex into a fortress under siege. And it turns a crazy mix of tough street kids into a team of kick ass heroes. Its inner city versus outer space and its going to explode.
the acting is good and the acting is pretty good
it was a little slow spots
but it 's a good movie

For All Mankind#0780022319
In July 1969, the space race ended when Apollo 11 fulfilled President Kennedy's challenge of "landing a man on the Moon and returning him safely to the Earth." No one who witnessed the lunar landing will ever forget it. Breathtaking both in the scope of its vision and the exhilaration of the human emotions it captures, <I>For All Mankind</I> is the story of the 24 men who traveled to the Moon-told in their words, in their voices, using the images of their experiences. Criterion is proud to present Al Reinert's award-winning documentary in a new special edition.
this movie is a good example of how the movie is about
there are a lot of footage in the film
i have seen the original films and the blu-ray is a great addition to the

Chronicle#B005LAIGPA
Three high school students make an incredible discovery; leading to their developing uncanny powers beyond their understanding. As they learn to control their abilities and use them to their advantage; their lives start to spin out of control; and their darker sides begin to take over.
the actors in this movie were very good
the performances are good
i really liked this movie and i will be able to buy it

Dirty Dancing - Havana Nights#B00023BLXK
A Chrysler executive moves his family to Havana, Cuba in the late 1950s. His family struggles to fit in amongst the cultural differences and the changing political landscape of the island nation. Their refined daughter schooled in ballet finds that she fits in more with the island natives than fellow American transplants. In particular, she is fascinated by the sensual dance moves of a waiter in their hotel. She convinces the young man to teach her his moves and the pair enter a prestigious dancing contest together as the political turmoil in Cuba reaches a boiling point.
 it was a great movie .
a great film with a great cast and great acting
the soundtrack is great

Things to Do in Denver VHS#6304106041
Ex- Rental This VHS Video may have any or all of the following artwork replaced with black and white copy ,stickers and felt tip marks or stamps on case and or tape which DO NOT EFFECT the function of the Video
the script is great
the actors are all the actors in their roles
the film 's moments of the film is that the story of the film is

The Dreamers#B00023P4HY
From Academy Award-winning director Bernardo Bertolucci (The Last Emperor, 1987), comes an erotic tale of three young film lovers brought together by their passion for movies -- and each other. When Isabelle and Theo (Eva Green, Louis Garrel) invite Matthew (Michael Pitt) to stay with them, what begins as a casual friendship ripens into a sensual voyage of discovery and desire in which nothing is off limits and anything is possible. Featuring an engaging, seductive cast, The Dreamers is a ?spellbinding, provocative feast!" (Ebert & Roeper)
and the dvd has a nice bonus disc
the cinematography is beautiful and the story is very well done
the colors are vibrant and the colors are vibrant

White Squall VHS#630410605X
Hollywood favorite Jeff Bridges (BLOWN AWAY) stars in this thrilling high seas adventure! Bridges leads a crew of seafaring students (including Scott Wolf from TV's PARTY OF FIVE) on the voyage of a lifetime! But just before their return, nature teaches the toughest lesson of all ... turning this journey at sea into a test of the crew's courage and will to survive! From acclaimed filmmaker Ridley Scott (BLACK HAWK DOWN) -- don't miss any of the pulse-pounding, edge-of-your-seat excitement that this breathtaking motion picture delivers!
his performance in this film is a little too long
it was a good watch
 this was a great movie .

Down Periscope VHS#6304107641
Kelsey Grammer stars as the captain of a rust-bucket submarine who is fighting for his career by proving his skills in a contest against far more sophisticated ships. Rob Schneider provides comic support as an uptight ensign, and Lauren Holly plays an officer who has to fight her own will-they-accept-me-because-I'm-a-woman anxieties. The film didn't do well at the box office, but it is actually pretty funny, Grammer is enjoyable, and the above-the-water/below-the-water action sequences are as good as any in most submarine films. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
a great comedy
a scene where he is in the hotel room
a big revenge vacation in the woods

Walking Tall#B000274T94
A retired soldier returns to his hometown to make a new life for himself, but finds that the town has changed for the worse. The town mill has closed and the criminal elements have moved in. With the help of an old pal, the ex-soldier gets elected sheriff and vows to clean up the town at the expense of putting his and his family's safety at risk.
this movie was n't as good as the first one
the film turns out to be a good story
the action sequences are great

Dawn of the Dead#B00027SIUK
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
the remake is good
i was expecting a good remake
the plot is pretty good

Kids in the Hall - Brain Candy VHS#6304125941
Kids in the Hall: Brain Candy a 1996 CanadianAmerican comedy film written by and starring the Canadian comedy troupe The Kids in the Hall. Directed by Kelly Makin and filmed in Toronto, it followed the five-season run of their television series The Kids in the Hall, which had been successful in both Canada and the United States.
comedies out there
if you want to see a new release
 i 'm not sure that i 'm sure that i 'm not sure that

Halloween: Curse of Michael Myers VHS#6304136242
The series premise continues to stretch so thin it could dissipate. This time, Michael Myers chases his unfortunate niece around, then goes after a family who happen to be living in his former home. This is slasher-ism at its most cynical, and a thoroughly unpleasant, unimaginative, and unredeeming movie. Donald Pleasence, the one holdover from the original film, looks like he'd rather be anywhere than in this thing. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
i am not sure that it is one of the best directors and i have
 the picture is better !
he is a great actor

James and the Giant Peach Walt Disney Pictures Presents  VHS#6304155972
From Tim Burton, the acclaimed director of Alice In Wonderland, comes the astounding film that captured the hearts of fans and critics all across the world. Inspired by Roald Dahls beloved childrens book, Burton, Denise Di Novi, and director Henry Selick combine a fascinating mix of live-action, stop-motion animation, and computer-generated special effects to create a world beyond your imagination.
 i love this movie .
this movie is very good
and the humor is good

Don't Be A Menace To South Central While Drinking Your Juice in the Hood VHS#6304167725
From the creator of TV's IN LIVING COLOR, this outrageous comedy hit had critics and audiences roaring with laughter! From block parties and beepers to high-tops and high-powered weapons, it's everything that's funny about growing up in the 'hood ... the Wayans Brothers' neighborhood, that is! Marlon, Shawn (both from TV's THE WAYANS BROTHERS) and Keenen Ivory Wayans (A LOW DOWN DIRTY SHAME, TV's IN LIVING COLOR) get together and deliver a series of hilarious situations that all move to a hot hit soundtrack! Get ready for a good time, because there are plenty of laughs in this neighborhood!
this movie is funny
 this movie is a must see movie .
i have seen this film in the late 80 's and it 's a great

Dolores Claiborne VHS#0780622383
Two childhood rivals grow into adult enemies and go to war over ownership of their old territory, in this action-filled movie.
 she is a bit of her .
 i am a fan of the movies .
i love this movie .

Fallen Snap Case#0780622537
A homicide cop, Denzel Washington, hunts a satanic force that shifts from one human host to another in this taut, terrific supernatural thriller.
this movie was great
the movie was very good
but it 's a great horror movie

Godsend#B0002DRDQE
When their child dies at a young age in an accident, a couple turns to a maverick and his cutting edge stem cell research to bring their son back through cloning. The resultant child is very similar to their original son, but something has changed.
it 's a shame that it starts out with a few good things that are
i 'm not sure what i expected to be in the theater
he is a very good actor

The Wire: Season 1#B0002ERXC2
From David Simon, creator and co-writer of HBO's triple Emmy-winning mini-series <em>The Corner</em>, this unvarnished, highly realistic HBO series follows a single sprawling drug and murder investigation in Baltimore. Told from the point of view of both the police and their targets, the series captures a universe of subterfuge and surveillance, where easy distinctions between good and evil, and crime and punishment, are challenged at every turn.
and the cops are all the same lines in this movie
the pacing is very good
i was a little disappointed in this drama and drama

Independence Day VHS#6304233639
One of the biggest box office hits of all time delivers the ultimate encounter when mysterious and powerful aliens launch an all-out invasion against the human race. The spectacle begins when massive spaceships appear in Earth's skies. But wonder turns to terror as the ships blast destructive beams of fire down on cities all over the planet. Now the world's only hope lies with a determinded band of survivors, uniting for one last strike against the invaders - before it's the end of all mankind.
and it 's a big budget
and the cast is great
this is a great science fiction movie

Dracula:Dead and Loving It VHS#0780623614
A comic reinvention of the Bela Lugosi classic about a Transylvanian vampire who works his evil spell on a perplexed group of Londoners.
it is a great cast and a great cast
and it 's a treat to treat yourself
it 's a great film

Death Race 2000 VHS#6304238096
Paul Bartel's 1975 cheap-o satire about a futuristic international sport--an anything-goes car race where drivers score points for hitting pedestrians--stars David Carradine as a hero behind the wheel and Sylvester Stallone as his nemesis. The film is clever and macabre enough as a modernist satire, but finally overplays its hand in grim, decadent humor. The sets are gloriously artificial, and former Warhol star Mary Woronov is in sexy, comic form. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
but it 's still a great watch for the whole family
i really liked this movie
 this is a must see .

Madagascar 3: Europe's Most Wanted#B005LAIHW2
Alex, Marty, Gloria and Melman are still fighting to get home to their beloved Big Apple. Their journey takes them through Europe where they find the perfect cover: a traveling circus, which they reinvent - <em>Madagascar </em>style. <br /><br />TIME Magazine calls <em>Madagascar 3</em> "A three dream circus. A real fun movie." (Richard Corliss) <br />"Hilarious! The best 'Madagascar' yet!" (Pete Hammond, BOXOFFICE Magazine) <br />"Charming and very funny." (Bill Zwecker, Chicago Sun Times)
 it 's a fun movie .
the humor is great and the story is great
this is a great movie

Chungking Express VHS#6304267835
Tasty take-out isn't the only thing served hot at this little fast food place -- the lives and loves of its colorful customers also criss-cross over the counter! From a lovesick cop and a mysterious blonde to a free-spirited girl pursuing a secret love, spicy romance is the specialty of the house! For deliciously crowd-pleasing romance and fun, CHUNGKING EXPRESS delivers!
i 'm a huge fan of the first movie i have seen this movie in
a cinematic experience
the femme fatale

Suspicion VHS#0780626702
Repeated viewings can't dispel the shock of the final scene in this classic 1941 romantic mystery--a brief but disorienting confrontation that suddenly inverts the heroine's mounting conviction that she's married a murderer, forcing us to reconsider virtually every scene and line of dialogue that's preceded it. It's a masterful coup de grace for director Alfred Hitchcock, who has built a puzzle around the corrosive power of suspicion, threaded with deft ambiguities that toy with dramatic conventions and character archetypes in nearly every frame.
 i love this one and i love it and i love it .
the ending is a little too long
the plot is a little too long

Last Man on Earth VHS#6304277385
Vincent Price gives an atypically restrained performance as the sole survivor of a worldwide plague that revives its victims as bloodthirsty vampires. During the day, he canvasses his abandoned hometown, tracking down and stalking his former friends and neighbors, always making sure to return before nightfall, when the dead rise to assault his fortified house. Hope arrives in the form of an apparently normal young woman (Franca Bettoia), but her agenda proves to be even more sinister than that of the vampires.
this is a great horror film
the dvd has a nice bonus disc
the transfer is excellent and the audio is very good

Pollyanna VHS#6304285396
A young girl comes to an embittered town and confronts its attitude with her determination to see the best in life.
it 's a great tale of a young boy
i 'm a big fan of this movie
 i love it and i love it and i love it .

The Marx Brothers Silver Screen Collection: (The Cocoanuts / Animal Crackers / Monkey Business / Horse Feathers / Duck Soup)#B0002MHDYW
Celebrate the 75th anniversary of the greatest comedy act in history with The Marx Brothers Silver Screen Collection. This essential DVD set features the legendary four Marx Brothers in five of their most acclaimed and best loved films - Duck Soup, Horse Feathers, Monkey Business, Animal Crackers and The Cocoanuts - the only five movies ever made with all four brothers together: Groucho, Chico, Harpo and Zeppo!
the script is great
the actors are great
the special features are also included in this film

UNDEAD#B0002MPK0Q
new release AUSTRALIAN REGION 4 PAL special features Crew audio commentary with directors/producers Michael Sperig & Peter Sperig Cinamatographer Andrew Strahorn and Make up effects artist Steven Boyle, Cast audio commentary with Mungo McKay, Dirk Hunter, and Emma Randall, The Making of UNDEAD: The Zombies Internet featurette, The Toronto Film festival screening, Homemade dolly construction video, Camera and make up tests, Automatic to film comparison, deleted and extended scenes,Internet teaser trailer, Cast and crew bios and much more.
the zombie zombie in the woods
zombie zombie
the zombies in this movie are just plain stupid

Here Comes the Boom#B005LAII1W
Former collegiate wrestler Scott Voss (Kevin James) is a 42-year-old, apathetic high school teacher. When budget cutbacks threaten to cancel some of the schools programs and lay off its music teacher (Henry Winkler), Scott creates a scheme to raise money by moonlighting as a mixed martial arts fighter. Everyone thinks Scott is crazy  most of all the school nurse, Bella (Salma Hayek). In his quest, Scott gains something he never expected as he inspires his students and becomes a sensation that rallies the entire school.
great actors
the plot is funny and the plot is very funny
the actors were all good

The Watch#B005LAII2Q
Four everyday suburban guys come together to form a neighborhood watch group, but only as an excuse to escape their humdrum lives one night a week. But when they accidentally discover that their town has become overrun with aliens posing as ordinary suburbanites, they have no choice but to save their neighborhood -- and the world -- from total extermination.
i think it 's a good start
it 's a good laugh and i love the humor and the humor is funny
it 's a shame that it 's not for the best comedies i 've seen

The Andy Griffith Show - The Complete First Season#B0002NY8PI
Few television characters have impacted family culture as much as Andy Taylor (Andy Griffith), Barney Fife (Don Knotts), Opie (Ron Howard), and the idyllic American town of Mayberry. As town sheriff and widowed father, Andy teaches his son the meaning of family, friendship, and upstanding citizenship in this all-time classic series, now in remastered HD with slick-as-a-whistle special features!
 it is a great mix of humor and humor .
i watched this one in the theater and i was a kid and i was
 this is one of the best films ever made .

Saved!#B0002OXRSG
Good girl Mary (Jena Malone) and her best friend Hilary Faye (Mandy Moore) are at the top of the food chain at American Eagle Christian High School. But all that is about to change in this "subversively funny" (USA Today) teen comedy about hype, hypocrisy and high school. Also starring Macaulay Culkin and Patrick Fugit, Saved! is "a boldly hilarious satire" (Rolling Stone)!
the script is good
the cast is excellent
i have to say that this is one of the best movies of all time

Trainspotting VHS#6304297912
The motion picture sensation that wowed critics and audiences nationwide, TRAINSPOTTING delivers a wild mix of rebellious action and wicked humor! It's the story of four friends as they try to make it in the world on their own terms ... and who end up planning the ultimate scam! Powered by an outstanding cast of rising young stars (including EMMA's Ewan McGregor) and a high-energy soundtrack, TRAINSPOTTING is spectacular, groundbreaking entertainment!
i was hesitant about watching this movie
and a lot of humor in this film
and a good comedy

Seinfeld: Season 3#B0002UE1WQ
Relive your favorite Seinfeld moments like never before in this 4-disc set with all 22 episodes from the third season remastered in high definition for the best possible picture and sound quality! With approximately 13 hours of exclusive special features from the creative talents behind the show, this DVD is a must own!
i 've seen the first two episodes
the greatest show ever made
the best of the series , i 'm not a fan of the series ,

Basquiat VHS#6304343426
BASQUIAT chronicles the meteoric rise to fame of the gifted and charismatic young New York artist, Jean-Michel Basquiat, as he emerged from the streets of the East Village to become an internationally renowned sensation.
the cast is excellent
the film is a little slow moving and the story is very well done and
the special features are also very good

Savages#B005LAII94
Three-time Oscar-winning filmmaker Oliver Stone brings to life this ferocious, sexy epic. In a glittering California beach town, two best friends innovative marijuana business has come to the attention of the ruthless Mexican Baja Cartel. As a seemingly unwinnable war unfolds around them, theyre forced to take part in a savage battle of wills to save the girl they both love. Starring Taylor Kitsch, Blake Lively, Aaron Johnson, John Travolta, Benicio del Toro and Salma Hayek, Savages is a stylish, violent, hallucinatory thriller. (Ty Burr, Boston Globe)
i think the director did n't have a good script
i liked this movie
i liked the ending

I'll Sleep When I'm Dead#B0002WZTJS
In I'LL SLEEP WHEN I'M DEAD, Willie (Owen), a former mobster, comes back to town after he learns his younger brother Davey (Rhys Myers) has committed suicide. Upon learning that Davey was brutally raped by mobsters, Willie is determined to seek justice by finding the men who victimized him. While on the search for the mobsters, Willie comes face-to-face with Frank Scott, the local "bad boy" and conflict arises when Frank starts to believe that Willie is back in town to reclaim his status as the town's bad boy.
the gangster in the early 80s
the actors are all good
this film was a bit more interesting than the first one

Control Room#B0002X8U4I
Control room is a rate film that is both timely and timeless: timeless because it ecplores the ancient and complex relationship between the western and Arab worlds timely because it reveals how satellite television has changed the way wars are reported- from news  providers driven by the patriotism of their audiences to army information officers driven by military objectives. Control room is a seminal documentary that explores how truth is gathered presented and ultimately created by those who deliver it.System Requirements: Running Time 86 MinFormat: DVD MOVIE Genre:&nbsp;DOCUMENTARIES/MISC. Rating:&nbsp;NR UPC:&nbsp;031398169321 Manufacturer No:&nbsp;16932
 it is a must see for any other collector 's edition .
this is a very good entertainment
the dvd features a number of special features including the film

1984 VHS#6304362498
This is the movie version of George Orwell's classic novel "1984," about a totalitarian society of the future in which no one can escape observation and detection. Well done version true to the book.
the scenery is beautiful and the scenery is beautiful
the performances are excellent
a very good movie

The Clearing#B0002XVKLS
Boasting the year?s most critically acclaimed and talented cast, including Robert Redford, Hellen Mirren, and William DaFoe, THE CLEARING is a taut, engrossing thriller about fate, love, and missed opportunities. ?Redford gives one of the best performances ever? as a self-made tycoon kidnapped and now in the most important negotiation ever ? for his life?
but the script is so bad
the script is excellent and the acting is superb
this production is not only one of the most realistic and emotionally satisfying moments

The Big Wedding Digital#B005LAIIB2
To the amusement of their adult children and friends, long divorced couple Don and Ellie Griffin (De Niro and Keaton) are once again forced to play the happy couple for the sake of their adopted son's wedding after his ultra conservative biological mother unexpectedly decides to fly halfway across the world to attend. With all of the wedding guests looking on, the Griffins are hilariously forced to confront their past, present and future - and hopefully avoid killing each other in the process
but not a bad acting
there are some good laughs
the story pulls you in the story and you will not be disappointed

24: Season 3#B0002XVQSU
<P style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 10pt" class=MsoNormal><SPAN style="LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Verdana','sans-serif'; FONT-SIZE: 8pt">Audio: English: 5.1 Dolby Surround / Spanish: Dolby Surround<?xml:namespace prefix = o ns = "urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:office" /><o:p></o:p></SPAN></P><P style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 10pt" class=MsoNormal><SPAN style="LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Verdana','sans-serif'; FONT-SIZE: 8pt">Language: Dubbed: English &amp; Spanish / Subtitled: English &amp; Spanish<o:p></o:p></SPAN></P><P style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 10pt" class=MsoNormal><SPAN style="LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Verdana','sans-serif'; FONT-SIZE: 8pt">Theatrical Aspect Ratio: Widescreen: 1.78:1<o:p></o:p></SPAN></P><P style="MARGIN: 0in 0in 10pt" class=MsoNormal><SPAN style="LINE-HEIGHT: 115%; FONT-FAMILY: 'Verdana','sans-serif'; FONT-SIZE: 8pt">Disc 1: 184 Minutes<o:p></o:p></SPAN>
this is a great season
the first few episodes are great
the actors are great

Rise of the Guardians: Easter Gift Set#B005LAIIFS
2013 Golden Globe&reg; Nominee, Best Animated Feature Film <br />10 Annie Award Nominations, including Best Animated Feature <br /><br />A magical and heartwarming adventure for the whole family!
 i was a little disappointed in the movie .
 great movie , but it 's a fun ride that is a little too
the animation is great and the story is great

Emma VHS#6304383827
This delightfully fun and lighthearted comedy is based on the story that inspired the hit movie CLUELESS! Dazzling Gwyneth Paltrow (SHAKESPEARE IN LOVE) shines as EMMA, a mischievous young beauty who sets up her single friends. Funny thing is ... she's not very good at it! So when Emma tries to find a man for Harriet (Toni Collette -- MURIEL'S WEDDING), she makes a hilariously tangled mess of everyone's lives. You'll enjoy all the comic confusion ... until Emma herself falls in love, finally freeing everyone from her outrageously misguided attempts at matchmaking.
the acting is wonderful and the acting is superb
this is one of the best films i 've ever seen
 i 'm not sure that the movie is a bit of a disappointment .

Romeo &amp; Juliet VHS#630438551X
Guaranteed to work or your money back - PLEASE NOTE ALL MONIES FROM THIS SALE GO TO A 501 (C)3 NO KILL ANIMAL SHELTER
i think that 's performance is one of the best
the storyline is very good and the storyline is very good and the storyline is
it is a great drama

Secrets &amp; Lies VHS#6304393121
After her adoptive parents die, a young black woman seeks out her natural birth mother, only to discover her mother is white, thus setting in motion the revelation of a whole series of secrets and lies.
the pace is brisk and the pace is very good
it was a great movie to watch
this movie is a great movie

King Arthur#B0002YLCFQ
The producer of PEARL HARBOR and the director of TRAINING DAY deliver an immensely thrilling adventure epic that tells the heroic true story behind one of history's greatest legends! It is the valiant tale of Arthur (Clive Owen) and his bond of brotherhood with Lancelot (Ioan Gruffudd) and the loyalty of the Knights Of The Round Table as they fight for freedom and those they love. Also starring Keira Knightley, this spectacular motion picture fuses historical grandeur with edge-of-your-seat action and bestows must-see entertainment!
but it 's still a big screen
it 's a great adventure
a great actress for the role of the young actress

Highlander: Director's Cut#0782008372
This 1986 fantasy/action thriller has since spawned two sequels, a popular syndicated TV series, numerous comic-book spinoffs, and a loyal (if somewhat oddly obsessive) following of fans. Directed by music video veteran Russell Mulcahy (which explains the
it starts out with a bang
i was a little disappointed in the sequel
 i am a fan of the first time i saw this movie and i

World War Z#B005LAIIMG
A former UN investigator is thrust into the middle of trying to stop what could be the end of the world. Worldwide destruction sends him around the globe seeking clues about what they are fighting and what it will take to defeat it, as he tries to save the lives of billions of strangers, as well as his own beloved family.
i liked this movie
this movie was great
good movie i like this movie and i love it and i love it and

Little Caesar VHS#6304429207
Edward G. Robinson had a star-making vehicle in this 1930 film by Mervyn LeRoy (<I>Random Harvest</I>), about a small-time gangster who becomes a top boss in the underworld. As Rico Bandello, Robinson's portrayal is that of a certain kind of American success, when a successful rise to the top somehow throws open the doors on every neurotic element in one's personality and magnifies them. The film is creaky as early sound films were wont to be, but the actor's multidimensional role and ugly charisma keep everything interesting. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the plot is very good
the commentary is interesting and the commentary is interesting
the actors are good

The Bourne Legacy#B005LAIIQC
The Bourne Legacy takes the action-packed Bourne series to an explosive new level. On the verge of having their conspiracy exposed, members of the government's intelligence community will stop at nothing to erase all evidence of their top secret programs - even the agents involved. Aaron Cross (Jeremy Renner) must use his genetically-engineered skills to survive the ultimate game of cat-and-mouse and finish what Jason Bourne started. Also starring Academy Award winner Rachel Weisz and Academy Award nominee Edward Norton, critics are calling this a "thrilling, edge-of-your-seat heart-pounder" (Meg Porter Berns, WSVN-TV (FOX), Miami).
the movies were good
the actor is a good actor
i was expecting a good movie to watch

Crusade: The Complete Series#B00061QJSK
In 2267 the Earth is quarantined, having been infected with a deadly plague by an attacking alien force. Scientists estimate that it will kill every inhabitant within 5 years, not nearly enough time for a cure to be developed. So the planet's only hope lies with the Excalibur, an advanced prototype starship sent out to search ancient alien ruins for their former inhabitant's secrets, hoping that somewhere out there a cure can be found.
i think the actor is not a bad actor
i think the first two seasons are not as good as the first one
the first season is the best of the series

The Manchurian Candidate#B0006210ZG
During the Gulf War, members of cut-off platoon are captured and brainwashed by a large corporation to return to the United States following the war as their pawns. When one of the soldiers becomes the likely next Vice-President of the United States, the full scope of Manchurian's plan is revealed. Now, the last remaining soldier from the platoon must battle the brainwash and the corporation to prevent them from controlling the largest country in the free world.
the remake is a good remake of the original
but the movie is very good
the tension is palpable and the tension is palpable

Colombiana#B005OK721G
From writer/producer Luc Besson (<i>The Fifth Element</i>, <i>Leon: The Professional</i>) comes <i>Colombiana</i>. Zoe Saldana plays a young woman who has grown up to be an assassin after witnessing the murder of her parents as a child. Turning herself into a professional killer, she remains focused on her ultimate goal: to hunt down and get revenge on the mobster responsible for her parents deaths.
i was a little disappointed in the movie
one of the best films of the year
she was a great actress

Hostel: Part III#B005OK722U
High stakes gambling takes on a sinister new meaning in this third chapter of the terrifying <i>Hostel</i> series. While attending a bachelor party in Las Vegas, four friends are enticed by two sexy escorts to join them at a private party way off the Strip. Once there, they are horrified to find themselves the subjects of a perverse game of torture, where members of the Elite Hunting Club are hosting the most sadistic show in town.
the fans of the movie were not like the first one
the ending was predictable and predictable
but it is not a great director

Britney Spears - Greatest Hits - My Prerogative#B00064AM62
This special collection will be an entirely new type of experience for Britney's fans. The DVD will feature a "spatial timeline" through which viewers will be able to explore Britney's videos by moving forwards and backwards through time. Britey's video
it 's a video and video and i love it
it features a great soundtrack and a great soundtrack
it 's a lot of great videos

The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel#B005S9EJ14
The film follows a group of British retirees who decide to "outsource" their retirement to less expensive and seemingly exotic India. Enticed by advertisements for the newly restored Marigold Hotel and bolstered with visions of a life of leisure; they arrive to find the palace a shell of its former self. Though the new environment is less luxurious than imagined; they are forever transformed by their shared experiences; discovering that life and love can begin again when you let go of the past.
the actors are great and the acting is great
a great film
the acting is good and the acting is great

Pink Flamingos VHS#6304484054
This is the movie that made John Waters famous, and quite possibly the film that made bad taste cool. Yes, Virginia, a large transvestite actually eats dog feces as a kind of dizzying denouement to this frequently illogical and intentionally disgusting movie, but by the time that happens, you're already numb ... and you've possibly laughed to the point of losing bladder control.
but if you are a big fan of the big budget and you will love
the storyline is n't bad
this is a great movie

Argo#B005S9ELM6
100% GUARANTEE!.  We sell used movies from our DVD rental kiosk, every movie is visually inspected and buffed with a commercial DVD buffer before shipping if needed.  We do not include any Ultra Violet codes, digital copy codes, or the 2nd extras disk.  Movie may not be in original case, but will be in a standard DVD or Blu-Ray case with original artwork.
this is a great movie
the suspense in the movie is very well done
 i liked it .

The Saint VHS#6304535570
The Saint is a 1997 film espionage thriller, starring Val Kilmer in the title role, with Elisabeth Shue and Rade erbedija, directed by Phillip Noyce and written by Jonathan Hensleigh and Wesley Strick. The title character is a high tech thief and master of disguise, that becomes the anti-hero while using the moniker of various saints while paradoxically living in the underworld of international industrial theft. The film has a cult following and was a financial success with a worldwide box office of $169.4 million, rentals of $28.2 million, and continuous DVD sales.
but the ending is predictable
there are some scenes in this film
the story is a bit of a story of a story that is one of

The Scorpion King 3: Battle for Redemption#B005TK0MFE
Since his triumphant rise to power in the original blockbuster The Scorpion King, Mathayus kingdom has fallen and hes lost his queen to plague. Now an assassin for hire, he must defend a kingdom from an evil tyrant and his ghost warriors for the chance to regain the power and glory he once knew. Starring Ron Perlman (Hellboy) and Billy Zane (Titanic), and featuring 6-time WWE champion Dave Bautista and UFC star Kimbo Slice, The Scorpion King 3: Battle for Redemption takes The Mummy phenomenon to an all-new level of epic action and non-stop adventure!
 it is a good movie .
 i do n't know why i did n't buy it .
but it 's not a bad script

Straw Dogs#B005TK21WQ
A young couple (James Marsden and Kate Bosworth) moves to a quaint southern town. Soon their perfect getaway turns out to become a living hell when dark secrets and lethal passions spiral out of control. Trapped by a pack of depraved locals led by a ruthless predator (Alexander Skarsgard, TVs <i>True Blood</i>), they face a night of agonizing suffering and endless bloodshed. Now their only hope for survival is to become more savage than their merciless torturers. Also starring two-time Academy Award Nominee James Woods (Best Actor, <i>Salvador</i>, 1986 and Best Supporting Actor, <i>Ghosts of Mississippi</i>, 1996).
 but it 's not a bad movie .
but it is one of the better remakes of the year
but the script is good

The Guard#B005WAP2U6
<i>The Guard</i> is a comedic, fish out of water tale of murder, blackmail, drug trafficking, and rural police corruption. Two cops (Gleeson and Cheadle) one an unorthodox Irish policeman and the other, a straitlaced FBI agent, must join forces to take on an international drug-smuggling gang.
the actors are great
this movie is a great story and a very good story
there are some scenes in this film

Scream VHS#6304675348
A masked killer begins murdering teenagers in a small town, and as the body count rises, one girl and her friends contemplate the "rules" of horror films as they find themselves living in a real-life one.
i watched it in the theater and it was n't really bad
the script is good
the suspense is in the end

Anonymous#B0068MNNOE
Set in the political snake-pit of Elizabethan England, <i>Anonymous</i> speculates on an issue that has for centuries intrigued academics and brilliant minds... who was the author of the plays credited to William Shakespeare? <i>Anonymous</i> poses one possible answer, focusing on a time when cloak-and-dagger political intrigue, illicit romances in the Royal Court, and the schemes of greedy nobles hungry for the power were exposed in the most unlikely of places: the London stage.
this movie is a must have for anyone who enjoys a good movie
but for multiple viewings
the film is a bit of a romantic moments

How the Grinch Stole Christmas / Horton Hears a Who#6304698771
This DVD has two movies on it for the price of one. How the Grinch Stole Christmas and Horton Hears a Who. Cartoon.
 i love this movie .
the cast is a great show
the movie is great

Prophecy 2 VHS#6304707045
The powers of good and evil have once again descended on earth to battle over the future of mankind whose only hope for survival is the unborn child of an innocent woman.  Kicked out from his asylum in Hell, Archangel Gabriel is working against time to prevent the joining of angelic power to the free will of mankind within the mother's womb.
the only thing i gave this was a good performance
the actors are very good in this movie
the third installment in the series is very good

Martha Marcy May Marlene#B006OV7RQ4
MARTHA MARCY MAY MARLENE is a powerful psychological thriller starring Elizabeth Olsen as Martha, a young woman rapidly unraveling amidst her attempt to reclaim a normal life after fleeing from a cult and its charismatic leader (John Hawkes). Seeking help from her estranged older sister Lucy (Sarah Paulson) and brother-in-law (Hugh Dancy), Martha is unable and unwilling to reveal the truth about her disappearance. When her memories trigger a chilling paranoia that her former cult could still be pursuing her, the line between Martha's reality and delusion begins to blur.
there are moments in the film that are so intense that you can see it
it 's a good tension
this movie is very good

Matango: Attack of the Mushroom People#B00076ON28
Directed by Ishiro Honda (The Godzilla Series!) After a yacht is damaged in a storm and its boarders stranded on a deserted island the passengers; a psychologist and his girlfriend, a wealthy businessman, a famous singer, a writer, a sailor and his skipper take refuge in a mysterious fungus-covered boat. While using the MUSHROOMS for sustenance they find in the ships journal that the mushrooms re poisonous, however some members of the shipwrecked party continue to ingest the mysterious fungi transforming them into hideous ungal monsters. One of the strangest and most horrific TOHO productions to date.
if you like movies like this
the storytelling is great
i 've seen this film in the late 70 's

Alfie#B00077BOFG
In this remake of the 1966 classic, Jude Law stars as Alfie, the quintessential Don Juan who is rather caught up in himself. Using his charm and a great smile, Alfie searches for beautiful women who will give him what he wants. Once they become too attached, he breaks their heart. This ideal bachelor lifestyle ends up unraveling and Alfie must learn to admit defeat and change his ways.
i thought this was a good movie
deleted scenes
 i think it is a classic .

The Final Cut#B00079HZOS
IT'S A COMPELLING FABLE THAT OFFERS A VISION OF A WORLD WHERE MEMORY IMPLANTS RECORD ALL MOMENTS IN A PERSON'S LIFE. POST MORTEM, THESE MEMORIES ARE REMOVED AND EDITED BY A 'CUTTER' INTO A REEL DEPICTING THE LIFE OF THE DEPARTED FOR A COMMEMORATIVE CEREMONY CALLED A 'REMEMORY'.
this is a great movie
but i think this movie was a great movie
great actor

Tool Box Murders#B00079HZY8
Every year thousands of people move to Hollywood to pursue their dreams. Some succeed. Some go home. Others just... disappear. There are bad apartments - rats, bad plumbing, crazy landlords - and then there's the Lusman building. Something evil lives deep in the building itself, something linked to the architecture itself... something that needs to keep killing to stay alive.
but i would recommend this film to rent it
the movie is pretty good
but i think it 's a good ending

Battlestar Galactica: Blood &amp; Chrome#B006ZL2T66
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
 i have to say that i was not sure how much of the series
 the story is very well done and the story is very well done .
it 's a good movie

Ice Storm VHS#6304844964
When a self-centered husband's relationship with his wife and mistress grow cold, it takes a wife-swapping "key party" and a freak ice storm to clear the air and change their lives forever. Director Ang Lee offers a compelling look at a controversial era.
the cinematography is excellent
the cast is great and the story is very good
i think this movie is a very good movie

Anastasia VHS#6304872402
The last surviving child of the Russian Royal Family hooks up with two con men to reunite with her grandmother, the Dowager Empress, while the undead Rasputin seeks her death.
the dvd has some funny scenes and a great story
this is a great flick
a tale of a young boy

Flight of the Phoenix#B0007KIFI2
An action-adventure in which a group of air crash survivors - cast-offs from society who will never be missed - are stranded in the Mongolian desert with no hope of rescue. As they attempt to build a new plane from the wreckage of the old one, in hopes of flying back to civilization, they experience a rebirth of their own.
it 's a little bit of a low budget
i saw this movie in the theater when it was first released
i 'm sure i 'm sure the negative reviews of this movie are n't that

The Jerk#0783226799
That wild and crazy guy, Steve Martin, makes his film-starring debut in this wild and crazy comedy hit The Jerk. Steve portrays Navin Johnson, adopted son of a poor black sharecropper family, whose crazy inventions lead him from rags to riches and right back to rags. Along the way, he's smitten with a lady motorcycle racer, survives a series of screwball attacks by a deranged killer, becomes a millionaire by inventing the "Opti-grab" handle for eyeglasses - and shows why he's one of the hottest comic performers in American today.
steve martin is one of his best roles
this is one of the best films of the year
this is a pretty good comedy that is n't as good as it 's

Gargoyles VHS#6304923082
Acclaimed 1972 telefilm in which an anthropologist mistakenly angers a group of living gargoyle-like creatures living in a cave in Mexico. Stan Winston's still-impressive monster designs contribute greatly to this creepy TV horror classic.
the first disc is a good price
this movie is n't bad
it 's a treat you 'll grab your attention

The Day of the Jackal#0783226853
Based on Frederick Forsyth's best-selling novel of political intrigue, The Day of the Jackal, tells of a cold, suave British assassin hired by the French OAS to kill General Charles de Gaulle. Nameless and faceless, the killer, known by the code name of Jackal (Edward Fox), relentlessly moves toward the date with death that would rock the world. The tension mounts as the methodical preparations of the Jackal are paralleled with the efforts of the police to uncover the plot, which gives the story non-stop, edge-of-your-seat suspense.
the film is a great film
and the ending in the end
and the rest of the cast is excellent

Primer#B0007N1JC8
Everything you think you know about modern science is about to unravel in this critically acclaimed film about two young engineers and the consequences they face when they invent a machine that enables them to travel back in time.Running Time: 77 min.Format: DVD MOVIE Genre:&nbsp;ACTION/ADVENTURE/THRILLERS UPC:&nbsp;794043784927
it 's a shame that the performances are all good and the performances are excellent
this was a very good sequel
 i was a little disappointed .

Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story#0783226985
Jason Scott Lee and Lauren Holly star in this unforgettable glimpse into the life, love and the unconquerable spirit of the legendary Bruce Lee.From a childhood of rigorous martial arts training, Lee realizes his dream of opening his own kung-fu school in America. Before long, he is discovered by a Hollywood producer (Robert Wagner) and begins a meteoric rise to fame and an all too short reign as one of the most charismatic action heroes in motion picture history.Hailed as "an immeasurably entertaining movie" by CBS-TV, Dragon is ablaze with comedy, touching romance and spectacular martial arts sequences.
this is a great tribute to the story and the story is great and the
and a great drama
 the film is a little too much for the film .

Dazed and Confused#0783227361
It was bongs and bell bottoms, polyester and puka shells, macrame and mood rings. We rocked and rolled, we were jaded and innocent, but most of all, we were Dazed and Confused. With hilarious and touching honesty, this critically acclaimed comedy explores the last day of school - and one rowdy night - in the lives of a group of high school students in late May, 1976. Accompanied by the music of Aerosmith, Alice Cooper, Foghat and more, a superb ensemble cast delivers "the most slyly funny and dead-on portrait of American teenage life ever made." (Entertainment Weekly)
and i 'm glad i had to buy this dvd in the theater
the studios are a fan of the great classics
the video video is great

Gone#B007IJKQG4
Amanda Seyfried (<em>In Time, Red Riding Hood</em>) stars in this intense thriller about a desperate young woman who, after being ignored by the police, is forced to go on the hunt alone for a maniacal serial killer whom she believes has kidnapped her younger sister.
the acting is pretty good and the acting is very good
i liked the ending
his performance is one of the best

The Grifters#6304981643
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
this is worth watching if you like the actors and the actors are very good
 if you are a fan of the genre , you 'll be disappointed .
the performances are good

The Woodsman#B0007PID84
After twelve years in prison, Walter moves into a small apartment across the street from an elementary school, gets a job at a lumberyard, and mostly keeps to himself. He finds unexpected solace fromVicki (Kyra Sedgwick), a tough-talking woman who promises not to judge him for his history. But Walter cannot escape his past. Shunned by his sister and living in fear of being discovered at work, Walter struggles with re-entry into society and facing his demons.
all give great performances
the special features are also excellent
i think he 's a great performance

Seven Psychopaths#B007REV4LQ
A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster's beloved Shih Tzu.
he is a good actor
this movie is one of the best movies i have seen in a long time
the humor is very good and the story is very good

Hotel Rwanda#B0007R4T3U
The true story of a man who stood up the atrocities in Rwanda and offered his hotel as shelter for thousands of refugees. Over 1 million people were brutally murdered in three months, but this man saved lives one at a time.
 i think it is a great movie and i love watching it .
a great drama
this film is a very good film

Headhunters#B0081HLM2E
Roger is a charming scoundrel and Norway's most accomplished headhunter. He lives a life of luxury well beyond his means and chooses to subsidize his expensive lifestyle through stealing highly prized art. When his beautiful wife, an art gallery owner, introduces him to a former mercenary in the possession of an extremely valuable painting, he decides to risk it all in order to obtain it, and in doing so, he discovers something which makes him a hunted man.
the actor is very good
this film is a little too long for a film
the audio and audio were n't as good as the film

Star Trek Enterprise - The Complete First Season#B0007TKH66
Set in the 22nd century, a hundred years before James T. Kirk helmed the famous starship of the same name, ENTERPRISE takes place in an era when interstellar travel is still in its infancy. Captain Jonathan Archer (Scott Bakula) has assembled a crew of brave explorers to chart the galaxy on a revolutionary spacecraft: Enterprise NX-01. As the first human beings to venture into deep space, these pioneers will experience the wonder and mystery of the final frontier as they seek out new life and new civilizations.
the cast is great
the pace was good and the pace was good
the best episodes of the series

They Live#6305077754
They influence our decisions without us knowing it. They numb our senses without us feeling it. They control our lives without us realizing it. Horror master John Carpenter directs this action-packed sci-fi thriller about one man's battle against aliens who are systematically gaining control of the Earth.
 this is one of the best movies ever made .
i do n't think it 's worth buying
there is a lot of humor in this film

Hellraiser: Deader#B0007US7BC
HELLRAISER: DEADER is the latest, most terrifying chapter in the wildly frightening HELLRAISER legacy! Once again, the ultimate evil -- the dreaded Pinhead (Doug Bradley -- HELLRAISER franchise) -- leads an army of the dead who come back to life with a bloodthirsty vengeance! For an undercover reporter (Kari Wuhrer -- PROPHECY: UPRISING) who becomes entangled with the deadly underground group responsible for the malevolent resurrections, any moment could be her last! With Pinhead in all his gory glory, the thrilling villain you love to fear delivers another hellish nightmare you'll never forget!
this is a good movie
the first sequel to the original
the film is a little more than a film

Village of the Damned#0783230427
From the master of suspense, John Carpenter, comes a chilling new version of the sci-fi classic. Something is terribly wrong in the tiny village of Midwich. After an unseen force invades a quiet coastal town, ten women mysteriously find themselves pregnant. Local physician Dr. Alan Chaffee (Christopher Reeve) and government scientist Dr. Susan Verner (Kirstie Alley) join forces when the women simultaneously give birthand the reign of terror begins. In what the New York Times calls "one scarifying trip," the people of Midwich must try to find a way to stop the children in the Village of the Damned.
but this is a very good flick
this is a great science fiction film that is not as good as the first
i think this is a good horror movie

1941#0783231032
Spectacular is certainly the word for this utterly wild comedy epic directed by Steven Spielberg and nominated for three Academy Awards. Lavish effects sequences highlight this hilarious, all-star extravaganza set in Los Angeles just days after the attack on Pearl Harbor, when fear of a Japanese invasion threw the city into a state of Pandemonium. Screwball characters run wild on Hollywood Boulevard as manic servicemen, zealous store owners, teary-eyed girls and bickering Nazis are thrown together in this fast-rising comic souffle that even features a sendup of Spielberg's own Jaws opening.
 it 's a good story .
but the movie was very good
great transfer

Alone in the Dark#B0007XBM5W
A paranormal detective's investigation of the mysterious death of a friend leads him to Shadow Island. There, he finds that ancient demons are on the verge of coming back taking over the world.
it was a very good movie to watch
i have read the reviews on this movie and i have to watch it in
it 's not a bad film

Infection#B0007XBM8O
From the creators of The Ring, Grudge, and Dark Water comes Infection. A patient in a hospital dies due to malpractice. The doctors responsible panic and stage a cover up. Shortly thereafter, another patient is left at the hospital doors dying of bizarre symptoms. When the patient dies, the doctors involved in the cover up being acting strangely, then one by one, develop the same mysterious and deadly symptoms.
it 's a hit in the first place
the picture is good and the audio is good
this is a very good horror movie

Shallow Ground#B0007XBN38
Jack Shepard didn't think his nightmares could possibly get any worse. But when a mysterious boy appears, dressed only in a coating of fresh blood, Jack is forced down a path of dark secrets and unthinkable horrors. The small town of Shallow Valley is about to become a gruesome battleground where the living will now pay for the pain the dead have suffered.
there 's a lot of action and dialogue
there is a plot that is n't as good as the plot
the cast is very good

The Mummy VHS#0783234287
You have to hand it to the walking dead. What they lack in speed and agility, they more than make up for in sheer single-minded determination. Im-Ho-Tep is a case in point. He's an ancient Egyptian priest, cursed for his terrible crimes against the gods.
but i 'm sure the special edition is a great improvement over the extended edition
the bonus features include a documentary on the dvd
i was able to watch this one

Boogeyman#B0007Z2556
Every culture has one - the horrible monster fueling young children's nightmares. But for Tim, the Boogeyman still lives in his memories as a creature that devoured his father 16 years earlier. Is the Boogeyman real? Or did Tim make him up to explain why his father abandoned his family? The answerlies hidden behind every dark corner and half-opened closet of his childhood home - a place he mustreturn to and face the chilling unanswered question does the Boogeyman really exist?
the suspense is good and the suspense is not scary
the shots in the film are very good
the actor is not bad

Halloween H20 VHS#6305171769
Laurie Strode, now the dean of a Northern California private school with an assumed name, must battle the Shape one last time and now the life of her own son hangs in the balance.
it is a good suspense and the story is very good
this film is a good film
one of the best sequels of the year

D.E.B.S.#B0009298MU
Sultry crime boss Lucy Diamond (Jordana Brewster, The Fast and the Furious) is back in the states and the D.E.B.S.- an elite team of paramilitary college co-ed superspies- are hot on her trail. But when their top agent, gorgeous Amy Bradshaw (Sara Foster, The Big Bounce), mysteriously disappears after coming face to face with the attractive young villainess, the D.E.B.S. begin a full-scale search for Lucy's secret lair, never suspecting that Amy may not want to be rescued after all, in this smart and sexy spy spoof about love at first gun sight.
i love the way the talent is in the way
 thank you for the whole time .
i do n't know why this movie was a bad movie

Cube#6305238065
Six ordinary strangers awaken from their daily lives to find themselves in a seemingly endless maze of interlocking cubical chambers armed with lethal booby traps. Without food and water, they have a few days to live. None of them knows how or why they've been imprisoned, but they soon discover that each of them possess a skill that could contribute to their escape.
i have to say that the movies are good and the actors are good
i have to say that i have to say that i have to say that
 it is a must see for anyone who has a lot of action and

Man-Thing#B0009A409S
Kyle Williams (Matthew Le Nevez) thought taking the new post of sheriff in the sleepy town of Bywater would be exactly the change of pace he needed. But the peaceful town is not what it seems. While investigating a series of gruesome murders, Kyle discovers that the locals are hiding a frightening secret. Torn between whom and what to believe, the only straight answers he receives are from the feisty young schoolteacher Teri (Rachael Taylor). Together they embark on a quest to unravel the truth.
and a villain in the film
the movie was a good movie and it was a good movie to watch
the film moves at a glacial pace

Firelight VHS#6305268843
Firelight (1997) is a period romance/drama film written and directed by William Nicholson. It was Nicholson's first, and to date only, film as director.Free upgrade to first class mail.
the cinematography is beautiful and the cinematography is excellent
this is a very good movie
but worth buying

Star Trek Enterprise - The Complete Second Season#B0009I7NGW
Set in the 22nd century, a hundred years before James T. Kirk helmed the famous starship of the same name, ENTERPRISE takes place in an era when interstellar travel is still in its infancy. Captain Jonathan Archer (Scott Bakula) has assembled a crew of brave explorers to chart the galaxy on a revolutionary spacecraft: Enterprise NX-01. As the first human beings to venture into deep space, these pioneers will experience the wonder and mystery of the final frontier as they seek out new life and new civilizations.
it is a great season
i love the show and i am a big fan of the series and i
the second season of the series is very good

Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous#B0009JE7NI
The story catches up with FBI agent Gracie Hart (Sandra Bullock) shortly after she successfully disarmed a threat against the Miss United States Pageant while working undercover as a contestant in Miss Congeniality. Having become a media celebrity following her heroic pageant exploits, Gracie has been spending more time lately at the salon than the shooting range, working the talk show circuit and promoting her book. When her friends, pageant winner Cheryl and emcee Stan, are kidnapped in Las Vegas, Gracie
there are moments when they were in the first place
this movie is not funny
the humor is funny and the plot is funny

Dark Water#B0009KA2UO
No one loses their mind instantly  Sanity seeps away one drop at a time. Yoshimi simply wanted a better life  for both herself and her daughter Ikuko. Unfortunately, such wishes may sometimes be hard to come by. The custody battle has grown embittered and hurtful, her new job is less than desirable, and Ikukos schoolwork has taken a turn for the worse. But, Yoshimi has something bigger to worry about. Something upstairs. Something cold and dank. Something that should have never been.
i watched it in the theater and it was n't a bad movie
but watch it again
i think this is a good horror movie

Because of Winn-Dixie#B0009NZ2KG
Based on the perennial best seller, Because of Winn Dixie tells the story of a lonely young girl who adopts an orphaned dog she names Winn-Dixie (for the supermarket where she found him). The bond between the girl and her special companion brings together the people in a small Florida town and heals her own troubled relationship with her father. (20th Century Fox)
 it is a movie that is a must see for anyone who has a
and the film is a great moment
it is worth buying

Alexander#B0009PLLN6
Academy award winning director Oliver Stone presents a breathtaking new cut of his sweeping epic film, ALEXANDER, the true story of the world's greatest warrior. Using new footage and dramatically reshaping dozens of scenes, he brings to life the overpowering forces and fierce personalities that forever changed history. Torn by the war between his parents (Angelina Jolie and Val Kilmer), Alexander (Colin Farrell) left Greece to face massive armies in Persia, Afghanistan and India -- and was never defeated. "Fortune favors the bold" Stone powerfully demonstrates in this bold new film, ALEXANDER DIRECTOR'S CUT. <P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>Audio Commentary:</b>Oliver Stone<br><b>Documentaries</b><br>
 i think it 's a good story and a good story line .
 i am not a fan of the old , but i have to say
i was watching this film in the theatre and i was watching it again and

The Card Player#B0009RQRSS
Director Dario Argento returns with this vicious thriller about a serial killer who taunts police with online video poker. But for every round the cops lose, a kidnapped young girl is mutilated live via webcam. Italian detective (Stefania Rocca) and Iri
it is one of the best movies of all time
the dvd is a documentary about the making of the film
the score is great and the score is great

Star Trek: Insurrection#6305365121
VHS FORMAT. 1998, Paramount, 103 minutes, color. Item no 335883. Patrick Stewart stars, along with Jonathan Frakes, Levar Burton, and others. "A polished film that shines like a crown jewel in the Star Trek firmament."
the film was very good
there were a lot of shaky camera work
the dvd is a good buy

The Muppet Show: Season 1#B0009ULBGS
It's time to raise the curtain on THE MUPPET SHOW! Join Kermit, Miss Piggy, Fozzie Bear, the Swedish Chef, and more in the first season of this groundbreaking twist on the classic Variety Show. Contains all 24 episodes, which have been completely restored and remastered. The bonus features also include something you were never meant to see: the original "pitch reel" that propelled the Muppets' blend of original songs, sketch comedy, and guest stars into a primetime hit for all ages! Come discover for yourself the most sensational, inspirational, celebrational, Muppetational pleasures of THE MUPPET SHOW SEASON ONE!
the dvd is great entertainment
the first season of the series is a little too long
the discs are great and the extras are great

Ong-Bak - The Thai Warrior#B0009VBTQY
When the head of his village's sacred Buddha statue is stolen, simple country boy Ting (Tony Jaa) is sent to Bangkok to retrieve it. Raised by a monk who has trained him in Muay Thai, Ting has vowed to never use his lethal martial arts skills. But once he arrives in the big city, Ting is forced to fight. It's non-stop action as Ting infiltrates Bangkok's seedy underworld and takes on a series of lowlifes and criminals in his quest to obtain the sacred head.
the action scenes are great
the plot is great
it is a great action film

Alice in Wonderland VHS#6305372837
The wizards behind "Merlin" and "The Odyssey" combine Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland" and "Through the Looking Glass" into a three-hour special that just gets curiouser and curiouser.
the adventures in the first two are a little too long and the story is
and the performance is great
and the cast is great

Pieces VHS#6305385033
Young co-eds are being cut up by a chainsaw killer on a college campus. The killer is attempting to put together a human jigsaw puzzle made from body parts.
 it 's a shame that it 's not a horror film , but it
the special features are a little too long
the only thing that was the worst film of the year

His Girl Friday#6305416192
A classic screwball comedy in which Russell plays reporter Hildy Johnson, who, on the eve of her remarriage, is talked into one more assignment by her editor and ex-husband, Grant. While interviewinga condemned man, Hildy realizes that his hanging is planned as a vote-getting measure. Spontaneously, she helps the man escape.
the dialogue is in the film
the film starts out with a few good performances
the dvd transfer is excellent

Lost Horizon#6305416222
Celebrate the 80th anniversary of the lavishly-produced Frank Capra classic, Lost Horizon, based on the best-selling novel by James Hilton. Ronald Colman and Jane Wyatt star in this unique journey to the enchanted paradise of Shangri-La, where time stands still. Now restored in 4K and featuring an additional minute of footage long missing from the film, Lost Horizon is a sumptuous experience for lifelong fans and newcomers alike.
 it 's a must see .
the special features are great
 the story is a little too long .

The Bela Lugosi Collection: (Murders in the Rue Morgue / The Black Cat / The Raven / The Invisible Ray / Black Friday)#B0009X770E
Bela Lugosi is known as the master of evil in the horror-film genre. His range as an actor in this realm knew no boundaries and his legend lives on in this 5-movie collector's edition, featuring Murders in the Rue Morgue, The Black Cat, The Raven, The Invisible Ray, and Black Friday.
 if you like this one !
this is one of the best westerns ever
this is one of the best films of all time

Hammer Horror Series: (Brides of Dracula / Curse of the Werewolf / Phantom of the Opera / Paranoiac / Kiss of the Vampire / and more)#B0009X770O
Hammer Films, one of the most celebrated horror studios in the history of cinema, presents 8 classic horror films in one collection. From Dracula to Frankenstein, werewolves to phantoms, the Hammer Horror Series showcases some of the most terrifying monsters in the history of cinema and features legendary performances by Peter Cushing, Oliver Reed and Janette Scott.
a vampire in the vampire
i was n't expecting to see this on the big screen
i 'm sure this movie was n't as good as the first one

Layer Cake#B0009X7BD2
Planning to retire and begin a new life, Mr. X (Daniel Craig, Lara Croft: Tomb Raider), a successful West End drug dealer, has been asked for one last favor: to negotiate the sale of one million hitsof Ecstasy. Unfortunately for Mr. X, the pills were stolen from a Serbian drug lord who'll cut offhis head if he sells them. And with a London crime czar (Michael Gambon, Open Range & The Insider)promising to retire him permanently if he doesn't, Mr. X may be rightfully concerned about his future. Nothing worth losing his head over.
the movie is very good
the dialogue is good
the best roles in the film are also

Silver Linings Playbook#B008OGIPJA
After a stint in a mental institution, former teacher Pat Solitano moves back in with his parents and tries to reconcile with his ex-wife. Things get more challenging when Pat meets Tiffany, a mysterious girl with problems of her own.
i have seen movies in the past
 i 'm a big fan of the classic .
and his performance is one of the best

Bob Dylan - No Direction Home#B000A0GP4K
The two-part film includes never-seen performance footage and interviews with artists and musicians whose lives intertwined with Dylans during that time. For the first time on camera, Dylan talks openly and extensively about this critical period in his career.
it 's a great film that is a great film that is a great story
the film is a big screen
the performances are excellent

Palindromes#B000A1IOGG
Described as a "fable of innocence," his latest film allows Todd Solondz to savor the profound flavor of moral complexity. (Wellspring Media)
he is a very good actor and i think he is a great actor
this is a very good viewing experience
is a satire of satire and social commentary

Unleashed#B000A2IPQY
Martial arts superstar Jet Li delivers a break-out performance in the gripping, action-packed story about a man raised from childhood by a ruthless crime boss (Academy Award nominee Bob Hoskins) and becomes a violent killing machine. When a blind piano tuner (Academy Award winner Morgan Freeman) takes him in, Danny (Li) tries to start a new life, but his brutal past follows him, forcing him to fight back. Featuring breath-taking fight choreography by Yuen Woo Ping (The Matrix and Kill Bill: Vols. 1 & 2).
the killer is a good action movie
the story line is good and the story is a little too much for the
this is a great flick

Identity Thief#B0090JB6DC
Mild-mannered businessman Sandy Patterson travels from Denver to Florida to confront the deceptively harmless-looking woman who has been living it up after stealing Sandy's identity.
it 's a good movie
there were some funny moments
this movie is funny and funny and the acting is good

Stir Of Echoes#0784013470
AN ORDINARY FAMILY MAN IS PLAGUED WITH NEWFOUND CLAIRVOYANT VISIONS OF MURDER. AS THESE VISIONS START TO COME TRUE, HE COMES INTO CONTACT WITH SEVERAL DISTURBED SPIRITS. IN ORDER TO LET THEM REST IN PEACE, HE MUST BRING THEIR KILLERS TO JUSTICE, WITHOUT COMPROMISING HIS OWN SANITY.
it 's a good idea that the killer is a little too much to do
this film is a great film
 i 'm sure it 's a good movie .

The Host#B0090SI4LU
From Stephenie Meyer, the creator of the worldwide phenomenon The Twilight Saga, comes this daring and romantic thriller based on The New York Times #1 bestselling novel.When an unseen enemy threatens mankind by taking over humans bodies and erasing their minds, Melanie Stryder (Saoirse Ronan) risks everything to protect the people she cares about most, proving that love can conquer all in a dangerous new world. The Host is a passionate and powerful epic love story co-starring Diane Kruger, Jake Abel, Frances Fisher, Max Irons and William Hurt.
the plot is pretty good
 i am not a fan of the movies .
i have seen the first two movies

Descent,the Version anglais#B000A8NZ0O
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
this movie is a good example of how the movie is
this is one of the best movies i have ever seen
this is a great drama

Dexter: Season 7#B00915G6WQ
Dexter is finally forced to confront his greatest fear, as Debra witnesses his insatiable, ritualistic slaying of a killer. Now Deb knows the secret of his Dark Passenger, his undeniable thirst for blood, and the Code that their father Harry instilled in him as a young boy. But as Deb tries to reconcile the unfathomable idea that her beloved, mild-mannered brother is Miami's most notorious serial killer, Dexter is still pulled by his natural impulses to seek out the guilty and exact his brand of vigilante justice.
i 'm a fan of the first season
 i am a fan of the series .
the plot is very good and the plot is very good

The Amityville Horror#B000AA4JKW
From Michael Bay, the producer of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre," comes the true story of Amityville. In November 1974, a family of six was brutally murdered. Now, a year later, an unsuspecting young couple, George (Ryan Reynolds, "Blade: Trinity," "The
a young boy who is sucked into the world
and a good performance by the young actor
and the performances are good

Cloud Atlas#B0095HHM78
From acclaimed filmmakers Lana and Andy Wachowski, creators of The Matrix Trilogy, and Tom Tykwer, director of Run Lola Run, the powerful and inspiring sci-fi epic Cloud Atlas explores how the actions and consequences of individual lives impact one another throughout the past, the present and the future. Action, mystery and romance weave dramatically through the story as one soul is shaped from a killer into a hero, and a single act of kindness ripples across centuries to inspire a revolution in the distant future.
i think that the actors were great and the actors are great
i think this movie is a good movie
 it 's a shame that the story was so much more than i expected

The Mortal Instruments: City of Bones#B009AMAKWM
Set in contemporary New York City, a seemingly ordinary teenager, Clary Fray (Lily Collins), discovers she is the descendant of a line of Shadowhunters, a secret cadre of young half-angel warriors locked in an ancient battle to protect our world from demons. After the disappearance of her mother (Lena Headey), Clary must join forces with a group of Shadowhunters, who introduce her to a dangerous alternate New York called Downworld, filled with demons, warlocks, vampires, werewolves and other deadly creatures. Based on the worldwide best-selling book series.
this is a great adaptation
i was expecting a good movie
five stars good movie .

The Sixth Sense VHS#630573240X
VHS. tape . ALWAYS A GREAT MOVIE. ORIGINAL CASE Bonus Feature includes Rules and Clues.).... PRIVATE COLLECTION. CHECK OUR STORE FRONT FOR MORE GREAT CDS, DVDS &amp; BOOKS. FAST SERVICE.
the movie is very good
i watched this film in the theater and it was a little slow
the film has some very funny moments

Mysterious Skin#B000ATQYQU
Widescreen, running time approx 99 min, Dolby 5.1 & surround sound, Unrated, English soundtrack subtitled SDH, NTSC region 1, director/actors' commentary
the film is very good
this film is a film that is worth watching
the movie is very good

Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn#B009B8YZIK
Special Features: Over 60 Minutes of Exclusive Behind the Scenes Featurettes Storyline Vignettes Audio Commentary by 343 Industries Audio Commentary by Director Stewart Hendler Concept Art and Visual Effects Models Easter Eggs and More!
great movie this is a great movie to watch and enjoy it
 i was n't sure how much of the movie was better than i expected
 this movie is a good movie .

Mumford VHS#6305763313
When a would-be psychologist, curiously named Dr. Mumford, comes to town, the quirkiest citizens scramble for a seat on his couch. As he lightens hearts darkened by old secrets, no one realizes he's hiding his own.
the cast is great
the young boy in this film is a great story
this movie is about a man who is a young boy who is a young

The World Is Not Enough VHS#6305784906
James Bond uncovers a nuclear plot when he protects an oil heiress from her former kidnapper, an international terrorist who can't feel pain.
i really liked the first film and i am glad i did not buy it
the film is very well done
and the villain in this movie is a hoot

Space Above and Beyond - The Complete Series#B000BCCAEQ
In this cult fan favorite, its the year 2063. After 150 years of deep space exploration, the people of Earth feel certain they are alone in the universe. Then word comes that two Earth outposts light-years away from home have been brutally attacked by an advanced alien civilization. Now the new young recruits of the United States Marine Corps Space Aviator Calvary are heading for the front lines of space in the toughest battle the world has even faced.
the main character is a little too long
 the series is very well done and the story is very well done and
with great performances by the cast

Carrie#B00A2H9WW8
Chlo Grace Moretz and Academy Awardr nominee Julianne Moore* star in this exhilarating reimagining of Stephen King's iconic best seller. After merciless taunting from classmates and abuse at the hand of her religious fanatic mother (Moore), Carrie's (Mortez) anger - and her telekinetic powers - are unleashed. And when a prom prank goes horribly wrong, events spiral out of control until the terrifying conclusion of this powerful, pulse-quickening horror story.
and the rest of the actors are good in their roles
the haunting and haunting score is the best of the film
 i was a little disappointed by the film .

The Sessions#B00AEK9BKQ
Based on the poignantly optimistic autobiographical writings of California-based journalist and poet Mark O'Brien, THE SESSIONS tells the story of a man confined to an iron lung who is determined - at age 38 - to lose his virginity. With the help of his therapists and the guidance of his priest, he sets out to make his dream a reality.
the actors are great and the actors are great
the actors were great
 the story is a bit of a story of a man who is a

Masterpiece Theatre: Elizabeth I - The Virgin Queen#B000BKDNX0
The Virgin Queen is a refreshing and intimate account of the Elizabeth Is rule. The tale begins when Elizabeth is a teen-age princess imprisoned in the Tower of London by her half-sister Queen Mary, charged with conspiracy and treason. We follow the young princess as she fights to hang on to her head and at the same time consolidate her power.
 i have to say that i am not a fan of the series .
i have to say that the story is very well done and the characters are
i watched this show in the theatre and i was n't sure to watch it

The Ninth Gate#6305897786
Johnny Depp unlocks the gates to hell in Roman Polanski's newest thriller. Depp stars as Dean Corso, an unscrupulous rare-book dealer who is hired to locate the last remaining copies of "The Nine Gates of the Shadow Kingdom," a demonic manuscript that can summon the Devil. Corso becomes embroiled in a conspiracy involving murder, theft and satanic ritual, and ultimately finds himself confronting the devil incarnate.
i found the story line and the story line touches and you will be disappointed
this movie is very good
the plot is very good

Battlestar Galactica: Season 2 (Episodes 1-10)#B000BNI90Y
Sci-fi's hottest TV series returns as Battlestar Galactica 2.0 blasts onto DVD in Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound. As the epic second season begins, the fight to save humanity rages on - even as civil war looms within the fleet between the followers of President Roslin and Commander Adama. Relive all the intensity and excitement aboard the Galactica with a supernova of explosive bonus features, including deleted scenes and podcasts. It's a heart-pounding adventure you can't afford to miss!
the episodes are good and the episodes are very good
the first season of the series is one of the best episodes of the series
but it 's still a great season

Hitchcock#B00ARA4SLU
HITCHCOCK is a love story about one of the most influential filmmakers of the last century, Alfred Hitchcock and his wife and partner Alma Reville. The film takes place during the making of Hitchcock's seminal movie Psycho.
and it was a hit in the early days
and it 's a charming little film
and the performances are excellent

The Cider House Rules VHS#6305949638
Tells a compelling and heartwarming story about how far a young man must travel to find the place where he truly belongs. Homer has lived nearly his entire life within the walls of an Orphanage in rural Maine and has been groomed by its proprietor to be his successor. But Homer falls in love and strikes out on his own.
the film 's crew is in the same way
this is a great movie
the script is great

Creep#B000BQ5J8G
London. Midnight. Unable to find a taxi, model-agency booker Kate (Franka Potente) heads underground. Waiting for the last subway train, she dozes off... and awakens to find everyone else gone. Gripped by panic, Kate realizes she's locked in. But she is not alone. Lurking in the pitch-black maze is something unimaginable. Something that calls a deranged laboratory home. And something that's determined to make this subterranean hell Kate's last stop!
this is a horror movie that is not scary
very good movie but i would recommend it to anyone who likes to watch it
 this movie is not a bad movie .

The Call of Cthulhu#B000BQTC98
The Call of Cthulhu, an all new silent film, is HP Lovecraft's most famous story. The film follows the story's three-part narrative construction, and it moves from the 1920s to 1908 to the1870s and back, as the story does.
the special features are a little too much to say
the best of the first time i saw this film in the late 90s
the story line and the story is a little too much to be told and

Stand Up Guys#B00AZMFONG
100% GUARANTEE!.  We sell used movies from our DVD rental kiosk, every movie is visually inspected and buffed with a commercial DVD buffer before shipping if needed.  We do not include any Ultra Violet codes, digital copy codes, or the 2nd extras disk.  Movie may not be in original case, but will be in a standard DVD or Blu-Ray case with original artwork insert or a photo copied cover.
the action scenes are intense and the action scenes are very good
it was a good plot
the humor is great and the acting is very good

Unforgiven Snap Case#0790729644
Clint Eastwood and Morgan Freeman play retired, down-on-their-luck outlaws who pick up their guns one last time to collect a bounty offered by the vengeful prostitutes of the remote Wyoming town of Big Whiskey. Richard Harris is an ill-fated interloper, a colorful killer-for-hire called English Bob. And Best Supporting Actor Oscar winner Gene Hackman is the sly and brutal local sheriff whose brand of law enforcement ranges from unconventional to ruthless.<P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>Production Notes</b><br><b>Theatrical Trailer</b><br>
this movie is a great movie
i watched this movie in the theater and it was a little slow and it
the screenplay is excellent and the direction is excellent

The Man#B000BT98XK
A case of mistaken identity forces a Federal agent (Jackson) and a dental supply salesman (Levy) to team up as they speed through the streets of Detroit to pull off a sting operation and solve the murder of the agent's former partner. <P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>Deleted Scenes</b><br><b>Gag Reel</b><br><b>Theatrical Trailer</b><br>
 director 's cut was a bit too much for the film , but it
this movie was great
not a bad i watched it .

Dark Skies#B00BEIYG98
From the producer of Paranormal Activity, Insidious, and Sinister comes Dark Skies: a supernatural thriller that follows a young family living in the suburbs. As husband and wife Daniel and Lacey Barret witness an escalating series of disturbing events involving their family, their safe and peaceful home quickly unravels. When it becomes clear that the Barret family is being targeted by an unimaginably terrifying and deadly force, Daniel and Lacey take matters in their own hands to solve the mystery of what is after their family.
 i recommend it to anyone who likes to watch this movie .
i think it 's a good action film
if you like horror movies

Broken Flowers#B000BX8R10
As the extremely withdrawn Don Johnston is dumped by his latest woman, he receives an anonymous letter from a former lover informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. A freelance sleuth neighbor moves Don to embark on a cross-country search for his old flames in search of answers.
this is a movie that was based on a novel by the director
this movie was not bad
it 's a big screen

The Purge#B00BEIYGT8
A family is held hostage for harboring the target of a murderous syndicate during the Purge, a 12-hour period in which any and all crime is legalized.
the film is a visual flair for the director 's cut
i think it is a horror film that is a horror movie that is a
i liked this movie

Seven#0790729989
A retiring cop and his replacement track a psychotic killer who's using the seven deadly sins as a guide. Starring Brad Pitt, Morgan Freeman and Gwyneth Paltrow.
but the actors are great
the script is good
the dvd is a great disc

Edward Scissorhands#B000005QLO
Once upon a time in a castle high on a hill lived an inventor whose greatest creation was named Edward. Although Edward had an irresistible charm, he wasn't quite perfect. The inventor's sudden death left him unfinished, with sharp shears of metal for hands. Edward lived alone in the darkness until one day a kind Avon lady took him home to live with her family. And so began Edward's fantastical adventures in a pastel paradise known as Suburbia.
this movie is one of the best movies i 've seen in a long time
i think the movie is a good performance by the likes of the lead actor
this is a great film

Grumpy Old Men#0790731517
Two elderly, eccentric, next-door neighbors sustain a rancorous relationship that only a wise observer could recognize as a very special friendship. When a lonely, flamboyant, middle-aged widowmoves in across the street from them, the male rivalry begins.
it 's a great story with great actors
this movie is a great movie
 it is a great story line , but it is a great family movie

This is the End#B00BEJL69U
While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse.
 i was a little disappointed by the movie .
the camera is so funny and the plot is so bad
i do n't know why i 'm a big fan of the first two films

Belly of the Beast#B000006PAB
Steven Seagal is Jake Hooper, once an operative on the inside on his way to retirement, when he receives some startling news. While vacationing in Thailand, his daughter has been kidnapped by a notorious terrorist group, Abu Karaf. The C.I.A. launches an attack mission to save her, but that's not good enough for Hopper. He has never been one to play by the rules and this time - there areno rules.
and it is a great start to the end
this movie is a good action movie
 and a good actor .

Proposition Pal/Region 4#B000CPWDHQ
PAL/Region 4. Australian Exclusive! Set at the end of the bushranger era, the epic Australian story concerns family , loyalty and betrayal. Direct from its acclaimed cinema run, The Proposition is visually gorgeous, stunningly violent, entirely gripping and a must see for lovers of films like Unforgiven. Written by Nick Cave (who also produced the award winning soundtrack along with fellow The Dirty Three's Warren Ellis) and directed by John Hillcoat who worked with Nick Cave on the cult classic Ghosts Of The Civil Dead. 2005. * Please note you will need an All Code DVD player to view.
the picture quality is excellent and the audio is superb
the scenery is beautiful and the scenery is excellent
the soundtrack is excellent

Almost Heroes VHS#B00000EZRQ
Westward frontiersmen Hunt (Chris Farley) and Edwards (Matthew Perry) are out-of-doors and out of their minds as they try to overtake Lewis and Clark and be the first to blaze a trail across the American continent.Year: 1998 Director: Christopher Guest Starring: Chris Farley, Matthew Perry
 this is a great movie for the whole family to watch .
 i 've seen this film several times and have to buy it for a
this film is a great film

Hart's War#B00000F2UF
During WWII, a law student moves up the ranks to Lieutenant. He is captured and asked to defend a black prisoner of war who was accused of a murder he did not commit.
it is a very good film
the film is a bit of a good story with some interesting twists and turns
great performances by all the actors

Stoker#B00BSN0VZ2
After India's (Mia Wasikowska's) father dies in an auto accident, her Uncle Charlie (Matthew Goode), who she never knew existed, comes to live with her and her emotionally unstable mother Evelyn (Nicole Kidman). Soon after his arrival, she comes to suspect this mysterious, charming man has ulterior motives, but instead of feeling outrage or horror, this friendless girl becomes increasingly infatuated with him.
the plot is great
i saw this film in the theater when i was a kid
it was a movie that i thought was so bad that i was n't sure

Spider#B00000F4MA
Spider has been allowed a second chance at life after a long stay in a mental institution and sent to a halfway house under the stern watch of Mrs. Ilkenson.
 buy it , you will buy it , you will be disappointed .
 the film is a bit too much for the most part of the film
the movie is definitely worth watching

Zathura#B000DBHX4M
Celebrate the 10th anniversary of this heart-racing science-fiction adventure with a special, all-new Blu-ray edition! Two squabbling brothers are propelled into deepest, darkest space while playing a mysterious game discovered in the basement of their old house. On their fantastic journey, they are joined by a stranded astronaut and must survive meteor showers, hostile lizard-like aliens, a rocket-propelled robot who runs amok and an intergalactic spaceship battle. Unless they finish the game and reach the planet Zathura, they could be trapped in outer space forever.
 this is a movie that is n't for kids , but it is a
this movie is a great family movie
i think this movie is a good movie and i would recommend it to anyone

Cache#B00000F7E6
Academy Award(r)-winner Juliette Binoche (1997, Best Supporting Actress, The English Patient) stars in CACH, a psychological thriller about a TV talk show host and his wife who are terrorized by surveillance videos of their private life. Delivered by an anonymous stalker, the tapes reveal secret after secret until obsession, denial and deceit take hold of the couple and hurl them to the point of no return. CACH is director Michael Haneke's dark vision of a relationship torn mercilessly apart by the camera's unblinking eye.
the video and audio quality are very good
the performances are strong and the performances are excellent
the film is a little too long

Water#B000E112BG
A widow should be long suffering until death, self-restrained and chaste. A virtuous wife who remains chaste when her husband has died goes to heaven. A woman who is unfaithful to her husband is reborn in the womb of a jackal. The Laws of Manu<br
the second installment of the film is the best of the series
 i am a big fan of the series , but this is a must
the cinematography was great

Don't Look Now VHS#B00000I1DU
Working with elements of the traditional horror genre - second sight, ESP, warnings from the dead, a mad killer - and a cinematography of disquieting beauty and dreamlike sense of dislocation, director Nicolas Roeg weaves a fabric of anxiety that questions all reality. The evocative use of the back streets of Venice is a sinister participant in the action based on the novel by Daphne du Maurier. This intensely erotic and macabre film boasts outstanding performances by Julie Christie and Donald Sutherland.
it is a great horror film that is a must see
it is one of the best roles in the movie
it is a great action film with some great action sequences

Killing Season#B00CX7TOOG
Deep in the Appalachian mountains, a reclusive American military veteran (Robert De Niro) and a European tourist (John Travolta) strike up an unlikely friendship. But when the tourist's true intentions come to light, what follows is a tense battle across some of America's most forbidding landscape proving the old adage: the purest form of war is one-on-one.
 the story was very good and the story was very good .
this movie was very good
i was n't sure if you like films like this

Sharknado#B00DCLT8RA
When a freak hurricane swamps Los Angeles, thousands of sharks terrorize the waterlogged populace, and nature's deadliest killer rules sea, land, and air.
i 'm a huge fan of the actress
the movie is a lot of fun to watch
 i was n't sure i was n't sure what i expected , but i

Triangle, The#B000E5N6B6
A billionaire losing ships in the Bermuda Triangle brings together an eclectic mix of experts to given him a definitive explanation of the mysterious Bermuda Triangle.
the script is weak
this is a great dvd for the first time and watch it
the movie is very good

The Lone Ranger#B00DJYJWVW
Johnny Depp and Armie Hammer star in THE LONE RANGER, from Jerry Bruckheimer Films and Director Gore Verbinski. It's a wild ride of high-velocity action, explosions and gunfights that brings the famed masked legend to life through brand-new eyes. The Lone Ranger (Hammer), the last of his kind, teams with Tonto (Depp), a dark and mysterious vigilante, to seek vengeance after justice has failed them. It's a runaway train of epic surprises, as these two unlikely heroes must learn to work together before the ultimate showdown between good and evil explodes.
this movie was a little too long
the directing is great
the director 's cut was made for the director 's cut

Ladyhawke VHS#079073463X
Philipe Gastone, a thief, escapes from the dungeon at Aquila, sparking a manhunt. He is nearly captured when Captain Navarre befriends him. Navarre has been hunted by the Bishop's men for two years, ever since he escaped with the Lady Isabeau who the Bishop has lusted after. Navarre and Isabeau have a curse that the Bishop has placed on them that causes Navarre to be a wolf during the night and Isabeau to be a hawk during the day. Navarre insists that Philipe help him re-enter the city to help him kill the heavily guarded Bishop.
it is a good watch
i saw this movie when i was a kid
i watched this movie in the theater

Little Manhattan#B000E6ES9E
Little Manhattan is a feel-good comedy that's perfect for kids and adults alike. In a city known for excitement, two young friends are about to embark on the greatest adventure of all. Gabe (Josh Hutcherson) and Rosemary (newcomer Charlie Ray) have known each other nearly all of their lives, but when they come face-to-face in a karate class, they see each other in a whole new light. Filled with all the magical, marvelous and maddening moments of first love, this charming film is fun for the whole family!
a happy ending
but there are some funny moments
 it 's a cute little film .

Casanova#B000EDWKXI
Heath Ledger, Academy Award(R) nominee (Best Actor, BROKEBACK MOUNTAIN, 2005), stars in the scandalously funny adventure CASANOVA. After a lifetime of women falling head over heels in love with him, the world's legendary ladies' man (Ledger) meets the love of his life -- the one woman who thinks he's a total heel. Comic chaos ensues in a hilarious whirl of misadventures, disguises, and mistaken identities as the love-struck Casanova tries to win the heart of the fiery feminist who wants nothing to do with the man she thinks he is.
and turns in a great performance
it pulls you in the story
it 's a comedy that is worth watching

The Internship#B00DV1XYTO
Billy (Vince Vaughn) and Nick (Owen Wilson) are salesmen whose careers have been torpedoed by the digital world. Trying to prove they are not obsolete, they defy the odds by talking their way into a coveted internship at Google, along with a battalion of brilliant college students. But, gaining entrance to this utopia is only half the battle. Now they must compete with a group of the nation's most elite, tech-savvy geniuses to prove that necessity really is the mother of re-invention.
 i think it 's a good story .
it was a good storyline and a great storyline
this is a great movie

Riddick: Trilogy (Pitch Black / The Chronicles of Riddick: Dark Fury / The Chronicles of Riddick)#B000EQHXN2
Journey to a remote, hostile planet with a group of marooned passengers who learn that escaped convict Riddick isn't the only thing they have to fear in Pitch Black. Then, see him battle ruthless soldiers of fortune and vicious creatures in renowned animator Peter Chung's The Chronicles of Riddick: Dark Fury. And finally, Riddick finds himself humanity's unlikely champion in the special effects-fueled The Chronicles of Riddick. Join Riddick in three times the action, three times the adrenaline and three times the adventure as the Riddick Trilogy makes complete one of the greatest sci-fi epics of all time!
i 'm a huge fan of the original dvd and the first dvd package is
i think it 's one of the best movies ever
the special effects were great

Match Point#B000EQHXNW
Match Point is "a winning combination of sex, mystery, brilliant writing and first-rate acting that all adds up to one of the most erotic and exhilarating movies in years." (Maxim). Chris (Jonathan Rhys Meyers) is being torn apart by his desire for two very different women. Marrying Chloe (Emily Mortimer) will bring him a life of wealth and success, but his true passion lies with his brother-in-law's fiancee, the stunningly sensuous but unpredictable Nola (Scarlett Johansson). Pulsing with tension, Match Point rides the dangerous line between ambition and obsession to an ending as surprising as it is chilling.
his performance is one of the best
not a good film but it is not a bad movie
the humor is predictable and the story is predictable

Flight 93: The Movie#B000EYJHDS
Jeffrey Nordling, Ty Olsson, Kendall Cross, Brennan Elliott. September 11, 2001 changed America forever. But if anything typlified the character of the American spirit better than the courageous actions of 40 passengers on United Airlines' Flight# 93 on that fateful day, I'm sure I don't know what it is. This 2006 made-for-TV presentation was the most watched in A&E history. 2006/color/90 min/NR.
this is a great historical drama
this is a great movie and the story is a little too long
this is a great drama

The Family#B00FRILRL6
The Family is the story of the Manzonis, a notorious mafia family who gets relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program. While they do their best to fit in, old habits die hard and they soon find themselves handling things the "family" way.
 i thought it was a good movie .
 i was n't expecting a bad guy .
humor is very good

Defending Your Life VHS#0790740281
Albert Brooks proves there's laughs after death with this almost heavenly comedy--almost heaven as in Judgment City, where recently perished Daniel Miller (Brooks) learns whether he is worthy of advancing to a higher plane of existence or will be sent back to earth for another incarnation.
it 's not a classic in the whole family
 it 's a good story .
this is a great film

Beowulf &amp; Grendel#B000F4PD7G
The otherworldly landscape of Iceland lends an appropriate touch of dark fantasy to this modern retelling of Beowulf, the oldest epic poem in the English language. Gerard Butler (The Phantom of the Opera) brings the right balance of physical
the picture quality is great
it is a good movie to watch
the action is great and the camera was great

The Iron Giant#B000028U3R
Something humongous is among us! A young boy rescues a huge robot which has rocketed to earth from space - and tries to protect the genial giant from a nosey government agent and the military. A captivating animated feature that's part metal, part magic and all heart.<P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>DVD ROM Features</b><br><b>Documentary</b><br><b>Music Video</b><br><b>Theatrical Trailer</b><br>
a classic animated movie
 it was a good story .
this movie is a great family movie

12 Years a Slave#B00G4Q3KOC
12 YEARS A SLAVE is based on an incredible true story of one man's fight for survival and freedom. In the pre-Civil War United States, Solomon Northup (Chiwetel Ejiofor), a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery. Facing cruelty (personified by a malevolent slave owner, portrayed by Michael Fassbender) as well as unexpected kindnesses, Solomon struggles not only to stay alive, but to retain his dignity. In the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey, Solomon's chance meeting with a Canadian abolitionist (Brad Pitt) forever alters his life.
the film is a big screen
this is a very good movie and i recommend it to anyone who likes to
the actors are good

Forget Paris#B00002ND79
The romantic life of NBA referee Billy Crystal is on the rebound when he falls for airline employee Debra Winger. Crystal also directs this transatlantic comedy slam dunk with top-notch supporting cast of comedy pros, including Joe Mantegna, Cathy Moriarty and William Hickey.
a romantic comedy
watch this movie
a great comedy

Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom#B00GSBQ2HU
This epic motion picture spans the extraordinary life story of South African freedom fighter Nelson Mandela (Golden-Globe winner Idris Elba), spanning over seventy years, from his childhood in a rural village through his inauguration as the first democratically elected president of South Africa, including his struggle against apartheid and 27 years in jail.
this moment in the film is a study of a man who is not afraid
i was a little scared in the theater
it touches you in the world

The Hills Have Eyes#B000FAOC2M
Based on the original film by fright master Wes Craven, The Hills Have Eyes is the story of a family road trip that goes terrifyingly awry when the travelers become stranded in a government atomic zone. Miles from nowhere, the Carter family soon realizes the seemingly uninhabited wasteland is actually the breeding ground of a blood-thirsty mutant family... and they are the prey.
the movie is definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your collection
 i have watched it several times and i have watched it several times and
this is a good horror movie

Yankee Doodle Dandy Classic Musicals Collection  VHS#0790743442
Yankee Doodle Dandy is a 1942 American biographical musical film about George M. Cohan, known as "The Man Who Owned Broadway". It stars James Cagney.
this is a great film that will be released in the first place
it is a great deal of screen time
the highlight is the highlight of the film is the highlight of the film

Severed: Forest of the Dead#B000FQISUS
A group of young environmental activists become ravenous, unstoppable zombies when a forestry company's genetic experimentation goes disastrously wrong. Sheer terror cant pump enough adrenaline through these bodies to help them out of this remote forest in this gruesome tale of horror. Severed stands heads (and other body parts) above the rest!
i was a little disappointed in the first movie
but it 's a horror film that is n't as good as the horror
but the zombies are in the woods

X-Men VHS#B00003CX8I
Born into a world filled with prejudice are children who possess extraordinary and dangerous powers - the result of unique genetic mutations. Cyclops unleashes bolts of energy from his eyes. Storm can manipulate the weather at will. Rogue absorbs the life force of anyone she touches. But under the tutelage of Professor Xavier (Patrick Stewart), these and other outcasts learn to harness their powers for the good of mankind. Now they must protect those who fear them as the nefarious Magneto (Ian McKellen), who believes humans and mutants can never co-exist, unveils his sinister plan for the future!
the franchise is a good franchise
the cinematography is good
the casting was great

The Breed#B000G1ALDY
A group of friends (Michelle Rodriguez, Taryn Manning, Hill Harper and Oliver Hudson) fly away to a deserted island for the weekend, an island once controlled by a special canine research unit. They soon realize that this beautiful getaway will become their biggest nightmare. Inspired by the horror classics, Cujo and The Birds. The Breed takes you into the jaws of a flesh eating pack of wild dogs, genetically engineered to hunt and kill. Outnumbered and trapped they struggle to outsmart and outrun this terrifying species.
with great performances by all the actors
if you like movies like this
the script is great

They Were Expendable VHS#0790744236
A dramatized account of the role of the American PT Boats in the defense of the Philippines in World War II.
the movie was a little too long for the time
 the rest of the cast is excellent .
the ending is a great movie that is a great story and a great story

True Detective#B00HUCF420
HBO premieres a new drama series, <em>True Detective</em>, this season focusing on Martin Hart (Woody Harrelson) and "Rust" Cohle (Matthew McConaughey), two detectives and former partners who worked in Louisiana's Criminal Investigation Division in the mid-1990s.
all of the actors are great
 i 'm not sure .
but the first season was very good

3 Days to Kill#B00JA3RPAG
In this heart pounding action-thriller, Kevin Costner is a dangerous international spy, who is determined to give up his high stakes life to finally build a closer relationship with his estranged wife and daughter, whom he's previously kept at arm's length to keep out of danger. But first, he must complete one last mission- even if it means juggling the two toughest assignments yet: hunting down the world's most ruthless terrorist and looking after his teenage daughter for the first time in ten years, while his wife is out of town.
but it 's not a good film but it has some great moments
 this is a great movie .
this movie is a good movie

Gladiator VHS#B00003CXE6
Guaranteed to work or your money back - PLEASE NOTE ALL MONIES FROM THIS SALE GO TO A 501 (C)3 NO KILL ANIMAL SHELTER
it 's a great entertainment
the extras are great
i think this film is a great film

Masters of Horror: Imprint#B000GI3RHY
Showtime has amassed some of the greatest horror film writers and directors to bring to you the anthology series, "Masters of Horror." For the first time the foremost names in the horror film genre have joined forces for the series consisting of 13 one-hour films each season.
the color in color
the scenes are very good
the movie is very well done

Message in a Bottle VHS#0790748193
A woman discovers a tragic love letter in a bottle on a beach, and is determined to track down its author.
if you like a good adaptation
and worth watching
 the story is a little too long and i would recommend it to anyone

Bedazzled#B00003CXKJ
The Devil's never been so hot or hilarious! Brendan Fraser is a hapless, love-starved computer technician who falls prey to sinfully sexy Elizabeth Hurley when he agress to sell her his soul in exchange for seven wishes. But the sly Princess of Darkness has more than a few tricks up her... sleeve. And before you can say Fire and Brimstone, Elliot's life becomes a hysterical hell on earth.
but the character development is pretty good
 a good story to watch .
i was happy with the ending

Pandora's Box#B000HT3QBO
One of the masters of early German cinema, G.W. Pabst had an innate talent for discovering actresses (including Greta Garbo). And perhaps none of his female stars shone brighter than Kansas native and onetime Ziegfeld girl Louise Brooks, whose legendary persona was defined by Pabsts lurid, controversial melodrama Pandoras Box. Sensationally modern, the film follows the downward spiral of the fiery, brash, yet innocent showgirl Lulu, whose sexual vivacity has a devastating effect on everyone she comes in contact with. Daring and stylish, Pandoras Box is one of silent cinemas great masterworks, and a testament to Brookss dazzling individuality.
the dvd is a great documentary and interviews with interviews with interviews with the cast
it 's worth a watch
it 's a great film to watch

Clerks II#B000I0RNVQ
A calamity at Dante and Randall's shops sends them looking for new horizons - but they ultimately settle at Mooby's, a fictional Disney-McDonald's-style fast-food empire. Free from his dead-end job (and lodged in a new one), Dante begins to break free of his rut, planning to move away with his clingy fiance. Dante is ready to leave the horrors of minimum-wage New Jersey behind, but Randal - always the more hostile of the two - starts to become overwhelmed by his own rancor.
this sequel is a good sequel
but it 's a good family movie
the film is one of the best films of all time

The In Crowd#B00003CXLD
TENNIS, GOLF, SAILING, RIPPLE HUNKS, AWESOME BABES, JEALOUSY, MURDER, NAME YOUR SPORT WHEN YOUNG HOTTIES GATHER AT A POSH COUNTRY CLUB IN THIS STYLISH SUSPENSE THRILLER.
the characters are very good
this is a very suspenseful and suspenseful movie
 i was n't expecting a bad movie .

Almost Famous#B00003CXMG
Audiences and critics alike are raving about this larger-than-life rock'n 'roll favorite that Roger Ebert calls "one of the best movies of the year!" The guys of Stillwater have the sound, they have the look and Rolling Stone Magazine wants their story. For young reporter William Miller, it's the opportunity of a lifetime as he hits the road with his favorite band and discovers the price of fame, the value of family and the limits of friendship.
i think it was a great start to start
it is a charming film that is a charming and charming story
the audio is in the film

Quills#B00003CXPV
Rush gives a tour-de-force performance as history's most infamous sexual adventurer, the Marquis de Sade. A nobleman with a literary flair, the Marquis lives in a madhouse where a beautiful laundry maid (Winslet) smuggles his erotic stories to a printer, defying orders from the asylum's resident priest (Phoenix). The titillating passages whip all of France into a sexual frenzy, until a fiercely conservative doctor (Caine) tries to put an end to the fun, inadvertently stoking the excitement to a fever pitch.
the acting is superb
the film is a very good film
but this film is a very good film

Unbreakable#B00003CXQA
Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson star in a mind-shattering, suspense-filled thriller that stays with you long after the end of this riveting supernatural film. After David Dunn (Willis) emerges from a horrific train crash as the sole survivor -- and without a single scratch on him -- he meets a mysterious sranger (Jackson). An unsettling stranger who believes comic book heroes walk the earth. A haunting stranger, whose obsession with David will change David's life forever.
this was a good movie
the main character is a little too much to say that he is a little
and the other comic book in the film

Sherrybaby#B000JBXXYK
Maggie Gyllenhaal is receiving lots of Oscar buzz for her portrayal of a troubled woman trying to overcome her personal demons and put her life back on track.
it is a suspenseful and suspenseful film that is worth watching
3 stars out of 4
the cast is very good and the cast is very good

Conversation(s) With Other Women#B000JJ5G4W
At a New York City wedding reception, two guests, seemingly strangers, become entangled in a sexually-charged battle of wits. But as the night carries on in a cigarette smoke haze, the nameless couple's repartee deepens to reveal the passion of their two decades past love affair. Unfolding entirely in split-screen, director Hans Canosa's feature debut is an unconventional and poignant love story.
the characters are very good
the actors are great and the actors are good
this film is a little too much for the film

One Night with the King#B000JJSJO6
An epic adventure that follows a young Jewish orphan who rises from peasant to Queen of Persia only to face the annihilation of her people.
the script is great
the producers did a good job of the actors
this movie is not a bad movie

Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon VHS#B00003CXR3
An epic set against the breathtaking landscapes of ancient China, Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, combines the exhilarating martial arts choreography by Yuen Wo-Pind (The Matrix) with the sensitivity and classical storytelling of an Ang Lee film. The result is something truly unexpected: romantic, emotionally powerful entertainment.
i 've seen many movies in the series
and the dialogue is good
the dvd has a lot of special features

Deep Impact VHS#0792153189
VHS FORMAT. 1998, Paramount, color, item 330823. 121 minutes. Stereo. Great cast features: Robert Duvall / Vanessa Redgrave / Morgan Freeman / and others. "A thriller with brains." An enormous comet appears set to collide with earth. Will humanity be wiped out?
great movie
and the story is a little bit of a good story line and the story
i was expecting to see this film in theaters when i was a kid

The Mexican#B00003CXRY
Jerry Welbach must travel to Mexico to acquire a priceless and perhaps cursed antique pistol known as "The Mexican" for his mob boss. Jerry begins to believe the curse is real when his girlfriend is kidnapped by a hit man to ensure the pistol's safe return.
the movie is a bit of a twist in the end of the movie and
 i 'm not sure i 'm sure i 'm a big fan of the
i liked this movie and i was very surprised at the end of the movie

Bandidas#B000K7VHNW
Salma Hayek and Penelope Cruz have never been sexier as they team up for this hilarious, action-packed western! Determined to avenge the deaths of their fathers, Sara Sandoval (Hayek) and Maria Alvarez (Cruz) vow to seize the ill-gotten gains of robber baron Tyler Jackson (Dwight Yoakam). So, with help from a retired bank robber (Sam Shepard) and a jittery criminologist (Steve Zahn), these two beauties become unlikely outlaws, blazing a trail of larceny and laughter across Mexico!
and the commentary is great
this is a great adventure
this screenplay is so good

Jesus Camp#B000KLQUV2
THIS FOLLOWS 3 KIDS TO PASTOR BECKY FISCHER'S 'KIDS ON FIRE' SUUMER CAMP, WHERE KIDS AS YOUNG AS 6 YEARS OLD ARE TAUGHT TO BECOME DEDICATED CHRISTIAN SOLDIERS IN 'GOD'S ARMY'.
i think this is a very good movie
a documentary about the making of the film
a very good film

Driven VHS#B00003CXTL
A young hot shot driver (Kip Pardue from Remember the Titans) is in the middle of a championship season and is coming apart at the seams. A former CART champion (Sylvester Stallone) is called in to give him guidance.
 and the rest of the cast is very good .
the special effects are not bad
and the storyline is n't bad

Open Water 2: Adrift#B000LC3IE2
Based on a harrowing true story... A weekend cruise aboard a luxury yacht goes horribly awry for a group of old high school friends who forget to lower the ladder before they jump into the ocean for a swim. The boat proves impossible to climb, leaving them adrift, miles from shore. As the reality of the situation sinks in, the friends begin to turn on each other. Soon the exhaustion of keeping afloat and the struggle to get back on board begin to take a terrible toll. What started as a joyful reunion becomes a fight for survival!
the characters are very good
i was watching the film in the theater
the film is a flashback to the last scene

Man of the Year#B000LC5B7O
Comedy superstar Robin Williams (RV, The Birdcage, Mrs. Doubtfire) plays Tom Dobbs, a comedian who made it to the top by telling it like it is. When he decides to run for President to unleash his trademark comic rants on the powers that be, something extraordinary happens - he wins! From the director of Good Morning, Vietnam and Wag the Dog comes an irreverent comedy hit with a hilarious all-star cast that is sure to win your vote for best comedy of the year!
the plot is very good and the plot is very good
there are some great moments
the cast is pretty good

Poltergeist#0792833201
This awesome supernatural thriller stars Craig T. Nelson and JoBeth Williams as a California couple swept up in a wave of horror after sinister spirits invade their home and kidnap their child. Year: 1982 Director: Tobe Hooper Starring: Craig T. Nelson, Jo Beth Williams, Beatrice Straight
i was n't sure to see this film in theaters
the trailer is a trailer and the film is a little too much to watch
a good horror film

Shrek VHS#B00003CXXI
SHREK - SPECIAL EDITION VIDEOCASSETTE. The Party continues....MORE SHREK than ever before! All-New Extended Ending. - DVS Home Video Described movies for people who have trouble seeing the screen.
theres theres a lot of funny scenes
there are some funny moments
this is a great flick

Flushed Away#B000M343BC
In one of the year's best-reviewed films, pampered pet mouse Roddy St. James thinks he's got it made until he's literally flushed away to a bustling underground world of ninja frogs, hench-rats and singing slugs. "More fun than Cars" (Neil Rosen, NY-1) and "Better than Ice Age 2" (Bill Bregoli, Westwood One), this outrageously inventive comedy-adventure is a flood of fun for both kids and grown-ups.
great family movie
i have seen it several times and it was funny and funny and the laughs
the movie is a great family movie

Wicked Little Things#B000MEYKDC
Recently widowed Karen Tunny and her two daughters, Sarah and Emma, move to a remote mountain home which Karen has inherited from the family of her late husband. However, she is unaware that the home is situated near an old mine, the site of an early 20th century tragedy in which many children where buried alive..
i recommend this to anyone who likes horror movies
i do n't understand why it 's scared me when i was a kid
the plot is pretty good

The Gravedancers#B000MEYKDW
A group of friends' lives are invaded by a trio of hostile ghosts after they engage in a drunken bout of gravedancing during a wake for an old chum.
the plot is very predictable
this is a good horror movie
the only thing that is the only thing that is the film is about a

Penny Dreadful#B000MEYKE6
Penny, a young woman traumatized by a childhood auto accident that killed her parents, accompanies her therapist on a road trip back to the scene of the accident as part of her therapy to overcome her fear of cars. But, when the two women accidentally cross paths with a dark and mysterious Hitchhiker on a lonely stretch of mountain highway, an attempt at healing suddenly takes a terrifying detour into a horrific life and death struggle with a ruthless, deranged killer bent on preying upon Penny's worst fears.
there are some very funny moments
the storyline is n't bad
 it is a must see .

Kiss of the Dragon#B00003CY5A
Martial arts genius Jet Li explodes onto the screen with an intensity not seen since Bruce Lee. "Kiss of the Dragon" is not merely a thriller but a shocker. (San Francisco Chronicle) China's top secret agent visits Paris on a pleasure trip only to encounter government espionage at the highest level. "Li's action sequences are like an oil fire, spilling from one room into the next and lighing up in the interiors with heat and wreakage"! (The New York Times)
the action sequences are great
the plot is predictable and the plot is predictable
the action scenes are great

Final Fantasy - The Spirits Within VHS#B00003CY5C
Original VHS tape in original cardboard case.  "A scientist makes a last stand on Earth with the help of a ragtag team of soldiers against an invasion of alien phantoms."
it is a good buy
and the ending is great
this is one of the best movies ever made

Disney's The Princess Diaries#B00003CY5U
Disney's hilarious smash hit stars Academy Award(R) winner Julie Andrews (1964 Best Actress, MARY POPPINS), the enchanting Anne Hathaway, and Hector Elizondo (PRETTY WOMAN), THE PRINCESS DIARIES is a cool, comical Cinderella story that will touch your heart. For teenager Mia Thermopolis (Hathaway), just surviving each school day is an adventure. Then the shocking news arrives that she's a real-life princess! So begins a comical transformation towards poise and princess-ness, including a media storm, jealous schoolmates, and a plot to take over her country.
the story is a young teen who is a young boy who is a young
the romance in the movie is a little too much to be
this movie is a great movie and i love it and i love it and

Turistas#B000N3AW6G
Rising star Josh Duhamel (TV's Las Vegas) leads a group of young backpackers who find themselves stranded on a remote Brazilian beach; an exotic paradise, with warm sunshine, cool ocean breezes, and plenty of hot bodies. But, after a night of partying, the wayward turistas are drugged and robbed, and their dream vacation becomes a gruesome nightmare. Trapped and desperate, the vulnerable travelers are lured deep into the menacing jungle and beyond, where a dark and twisted fate too terrifying to imagine awaits.
the only thing that i had to say is that it was a little slow
but the story is a bit of a young couple in the middle of the
the acting is terrible

The Rescuers Down Under VHS#B00004R99N
The R.A.S. agents, Miss Bianca and Bernard, race to Australia to save a boy and a rare golden eagle from a murderous poacher.
the colors are vibrant and the colors are vibrant and the music is very good
i love this sequel to the original and the sequel is a great sequel
the production values are wonderful

After the Wedding#B000OCY7JE
Far from home, Jacob (Casino Royale villain, Mads Mikkelsen), runs a struggling orphanage in one Indias poorest regions. Desperate to save the orphanage from closure, he returns to Denmark to meet Jorgen (Rolf Lassgard) a wealthy businessman and potential benefactor. What appears to be nothing more than a friendly gesture to attend a wedding sets in motion an increasingly devastating series of surprises, revelations, and confessions that will forever change their lives.
i was surprised at how this movie was made
the script is so bad that it 's a shame that the script was n't
the film is a very good film

Burn Witch Burn VHS#B00004YRWY
Peter Wyngarde plays a psychology professor at an English school whose American-born wife (Janet Blair) turns out to be a powerful witch.
i 've seen this movie several times and it was n't as good as it
there are some great performances
and a great ensemble cast

Paths of Glory#0792841409
A World War I French colonel defends three soldiers picked to be shot for a general's blunder. Directed by Stanley Kubrick.
the actors are excellent
a true story of a war war war
 the film is a very good film .

Jesse Stone: Death In Paradise#B000OVLBG2
Based on the novel by Robert B. Parker, small town sheriff Jesse Stone tackles the mysterious murder of a teenage girl and the case of a battered wife while struggling with his alcoholism, his ex-wife and his disastrous love life. The teenage girl's murder leads him to a sex trafficking ring and into the higher society of Boston.
 i loved the story and the story was very good and the story was
 i was n't sure how much of the show was so much better than
 i loved the story line .

Scary Movie#B00004Z4WQ
In the tradition of "Airplane!" and the "Naked Gun" series comes this spoof of the horror genre. Featuring parodies of "Scream" and other popular movies, this film follows a group of teens being stalked by a serial killer.
i have watched this movie several times
she is a great actress
the humor is funny

Under Suspicion#B00004ZDFL
Everyone has secrets. Some of them are crimes. Two men. One night. The police captain on the islandof Puerto Rico interviews a prominent tax attorney and old friend - the witness to one of a shocking series of brutal crimes. But what begins as a cooperative conversation between peers descends intoa night of intense interrogation between fierce adversaries. A hidden past. A secret life. Witness or suspect? Guilty or innocent?
but this film was a great film
the acting is excellent and the acting is superb
the plot is very good

Ronin VHS#079284209X
Deirdre (Natascha McElhone) puts together a team of experts that she tasks with stealing a valuable briefcase, the contents of which are a mystery. The international team includes Sam (Robert De Niro), an ex-intelligence officer, along with Vincent (Jean Reno), Gregor (Stellan Skarsgard) and others. As their operation gets underway, several team members are found to be untrustworthy, and everyone must complete the mission with a watchful eye on everyone else. Release date: September 25, 1998 (USA)
the scenes in the movie are very good and the action scenes are very good
the plot is very good and the plot is very good
the movie is very good

Reno 911! - Miami#B000PISZ8Q
The story centers on a rag-tag team of Reno cops that are called in to save the day after a terrorist attack disrupts a national police convention in Miami Beach during spring break. They're not the best, but that's all we got. Based on the successful Comedy Central TV series.
there are some good laughs
i watched this movie when it came out and i was a kid
there are some characters in this movie

The Crow - Salvation#B0000524EB
Hot stars Kirsten Dunst (BRING IT ON) and Eric Mabius (CRUEL INTENTIONS) star in THE CROW: SALVATION -- the third exciting motion picture in THE CROW legacy! Wrongly executed for the murder of his girlfriend, Alex Corvis (Mabius) returns from the dead and sets out to find the real killer! Aided by his girlfriend's sister (Dunst) ... and under the guidance of the mysterious crow ... he unmasks a tangled web of corruption and deceit! Alex seeks not only retribution for his injustice, but redemption for the darkness in his soul!
it 's hard to watch
it has a good acting and the acting is good
this movie was terrible

Dead Silence#B000PMLJMG
You Scream. You Die. Dare to unlock the deadly curse of Mary Shaw From the writers and director of Saw comes a new thriller of relentless terror! Ever since Mary Shaw was hunted down and killed, the small town of Ravens Fair has been haunted by horrific deaths. When a local's wife is brutally murdered, he returns home to unravel the terrifying legend of Mary Shaw and the reason why when you see her, you should never, ever scream.
great scares
i think it 's a horror movie that is n't as good as the horror
i have seen this movie in the theater

Rome - The Complete First Two Seasons#B000Q66PXE
A generously budgeted show jointly produced by HBO and the BBC ROME takes viewers back to 52 B.C. for a chance to relive the reign of Julius Caesar. Details have been painstakingly researched to ensure accuracy so both history buffs and viewers less versed in the ways of Caesar should find something to enjoy here. The show also contains intricately woven plots fine acting and stunning recreations of the ancient city. This release contains the first two seasons of the show.Format: DVD MOVIE Genre:&nbsp;TELEVISION/SERIES & SEQUELS Rating:&nbsp;NR UPC:&nbsp;026359795527 Manufacturer No:&nbsp;97955
the first season of the series is very well done
the first season was a little too long
the actors are great

Heroes: Season 1#B000QDLSR0
Discover the phenomenon that is sweeping audiences everywhere as Heroes: Season 1 comes to DVD! Experience the suspense, mystery, and electrifying twists as this astonishing series follows seemingly unconnected, ordinary people around the globe who discover they have extraordinary powers. As they come to terms with their unique abilities, their risky decisions will affect the futures of everyone around them and the world. Join their epic journey in this seven-disc set packed with hours of fascinating and revealing bonus features, including the never-before-aired series premiere from show creator Tim Kring.
the first season of the series is very well done
and i have n't watched the first two seasons
and the actors are great

The Lion in Winter VHS#0792844645
1183 AD: King Henry II's three sons all want to inherit the throne, but he won't commit to a choice. They and his wife variously plot to force him.
the plot is very good and the plot is very well done
i love this movie and i love it
i think this is one of the best stars in the movie

The Dresden Files: Season 1#B000QUEQ4U
Based on Jim Butcher's best-selling novels, "The Dresden Files" chronicles the cases of no ordinary detective. Harry Dresden (Paul Blackthorne) is a wizard, the only one listed in the Chicago phone book. He's got a handle on the crimes that can't be solved by anyone else. Paranormal? No problem. Dresden deals in all matters of supernatural threats. If you need a little hocus pocus or some other worldly advice, Dresden's your man.
i 'm not sure the first season was a little too long
 i was very happy to see it .
 i have n't seen the first season , but i am not sure why

Yi Yi: A One and a Two#B000059TON
With the runaway international acclaim of this film, Taiwanese director Edward Yang could no longer be called Asian cinemas best-kept secret. Yi Yi swiftly follows a middle-class family in Taipei over the course of one year, beginning with a wedding and ending with a funeral. Whether chronicling middle-aged father NJs tenuous flirtations with an old flame or precocious young son Yang-Yangs attempts at capturing reality with his beloved camera, Yang imbues every gorgeous frame with a deft, humane clarity. Warm, sprawling, and dazzling, this intimate epic is one of the undisputed masterworks of the new century.
the scenes in the film are very good
the dvd features a good audio commentary
i 've seen the commercials in the theater

Rififi#B00005A8TX
After making such American noir classics as The Naked City and Brute Force, blacklisted director Jules Dassin went to Paris and embarked on his masterpiece: a twisting, turning tale of four ex-cons who hatch one last glorious heist in the City of Lights. At once naturalistic and expressionistic, this melange of suspense, brutality, and dark humor was an international hit and earned Dassin the Best Director prize at the Cannes Film Festival. Criterion is proud to present Rififi in a pristine digital transfer.
it is worth watching
the screen time is a big screen
the film is a very good film

Space Cowboys#B00005ALS2
Four retired fighter pilots try to save a disabled satellite. What they have in common is they were all rejected by NASA in the 1960s. They get a second chance if they can pass the physical and skill tests that young astronauts have to pass.
i think it 's a great start to the end
it is a good suspense movie
it is a great start to finish

Jeff Dunham: Spark of Insanity#B000S6LS66
<P> Jeff Dunham and his socially reckless "suitcase posse" are back in this highly anticipated follow-up to Arguing with Myself, his breakthrough television special and multi-platinum selling DVD release! What's next? <P> An ALL NEW show that is Bigger... Better... and Funnier than ever! <P> This time, Dunham welcomes two never-before-seen partners "Achmed the Dead Terrorist," and "Melvin the Superhero." Long-time favorites "Peanut," "Walter" and Jose Jalapeno...On a STEEK! are back in an entirely original show for everyone!
a comedy that is funny and funny
love this is a great comedy i love to watch and enjoy it and it
 i love the show and i love the show and i love the way

The Condemned#B000SM6FKY
An adrenalin-charged action thriller, The Condemned tells the story of Jack Conrad (Stone Cold Steve Austin), who is awaiting the death penalty in a corrupt Central American prison. He is purchased by a wealthy television producer and taken to a desolate island where he must fight to the death against nine other condemned killers from all corners of the world, with freedom going to the sole survivor. The producer films the illegal event, airing the killings live and uncensored onto the internet.
the acting was good
it was a great science fiction film that is a little better than the first
it is a great action movie with great action and great acting

Proof of Life#B00005BCKF
Their lives are on the line. Their hearts are out on a limb. The wife of a kidnap victim and the hostage negotiator working with her navigate a brutal world of terrorism that values money over life - and find their tasks complicated by the growing awareness that they're attracted to each other.
and freaks out
it 's a great cast
the plot is very good

Wrong Turn 2: Dead End#B000TJBN62
Six reality TV show contestants are thrown together for six days in a simulated post-apocalyptic wasteland called "The Ultimate Survivalist." Located in a remote part of West Virginia, the contestants discover that they really are fighting for their survival... against a family of hideously deformed inbred cannibals who plan to ruthlessly butcher them all!
 i do n't know what i expected .
i love this movie i love it i love it and i love it and
the actors are great

Knocked Up#B000TZJBP6
The writer and director of The 40-Year-Old Virgin delivers another a hilarious hit comedy! They say that opposites attract. Well, for slacker Ben (Seth Rogen) and career girl Alison (Katherine Heigl), that's certainly the case - at least for one intoxicated evening. Two months and several pregnancy tests later, Ben and Alison go through a hysterically funny, anxious and heartwarming journey that leads to huge laughs in the most outrageous comedy of the year!
the comedy is funny and the comedy is funny
it 's a comedy that is funny and funny
it is a film that is one of the most disturbing and most romantic films

Star Wars Trilogy THX Digitally Mastered Edition#0793906091
PLEASE READ!!! THIS IS VHS VIDEO NOT DVD!!! New!!! (3-Tapes Box Set) VHS TAPE Sealed (as shown) "Star Wars Trilogy (VHS Boxed Set)" Fast shipping..(T6)
i have to say that this is the first movie that i have seen in
i 've seen the original theatrical version of the original version of the original version
i have to say that the trilogy is one of the best movies of the

Grindhouse Presents: Planet Terror#B000UAE7O0
Director Robert Rodriguez (Sin City) is back with a rip-roaring, zombie-infested rollercoaster of a movie that sure as hell keeps you hanging on for the ride (Peter Travers, Rolling Stone). Rose McGowan, Freddy Rodriguez, Bruce Willis, and an all-star cast fight for their lives in the ultimate showdown between an army of flesh-eating mutants and a motley group of rag-tag survivors. Featuring one of the most memorable screen heroines ever and the now-legendary mock Machete trailer, Planet Terror is as total blast funny, gory and over the top (Christy Lemire, Associated Press).
i saw this film when i first saw it in the theater and i was
 great action .
this dvd is a good buy

Mulholland Drive#B00005JKJA
This sexy thriller has been acclaimed as one of the year's best films. Two beautiful women are caught up in a lethally twisted mystery - and ensnared in an equally dangerous web of erotic passion. "There's nothing like this baby anywhere! This sinful pleasure is a fresh triumph for Lynch, and one of the best films of the year. Visionary daring, swooning eroticism and colors that pop like a whore's lip gloss!" says Rolling Stone's Peter Travers. "See it then see it again!" (Time Out New York)
the soundtrack is excellent
this is definitely one of the most frightening moments in the history of cinema
this is a good movie and i think it is a good movie and i

Halloween#B000VKL6Z2
From acclaimed musician and filmmaker Rob Zombie comes an entirely new take on the highly successful and terrifying Halloween legacy, which began in 1978. While revealing a new chapter in the established Michael Myers saga, the film will surprise both classic and modern horror fans with a departure from prior films in the Halloween franchise. Audiences should brace themselves for unprecedented fear as Zombie turns back time to uncover the making of a pathologically disturbed, even cursed child named Michael Myers. (MGM)
 this movie is a very good and scary movie that is a very good
the only thing that is why is that the film is a talented actress who
it moves at a very slow pace

Behind Enemy Lines#B00005JKL8
A fighter pilot is shot down in Bosnia on his way back from a reconnaissance mission behind enemy lines. Now, his commanding officer must lead a daring rescue attempt that puts many soldiers' lives in danger. Based on a true story.
the film starts out with a few good actors
this movie is not bad
this is a good thrill ride

Shallow Hal#B00005JKLQ
A hypnotized playboy (Jack Black) who can only see "inner beauty" doesn't realize that his gorgeous girlfriend (Gwyneth Paltrow) is actually a 300-pound-not-so-hottie. "Heartwarming and hilarious" (WFLD-TV), it's the BIGGEST love story ever told!
i think this is a great movie
i love the laughs and the laughs in this movie are very funny
the hero in the movie is a little too long

Torchwood: Season 1#B000VWE5OY
More than a spin-off of the Russell T. Davies incarnation of Doctor Who, the BBC series Torchwood is a wholly enjoyable blend of drama, science-fiction thrills, and mature subject matter that never fails to deliver its main purpose: to enter
the extras are great
but the second disc is a little too long for the whole family
the cast is great and the actors are great

Not Another Teen Movie#B00005JKMW
Handsome John Hughes High jock Zack bets his friends that he can turn nerdy Janey into the most popular girl in class. With the help of Zack's sister, Catherine, Janey ditches her ponytail and glasses and turns beautiful. Zack falls in love with her.
but the scenes are pretty good
this is a great film
i 've seen many movies out there

Sense &amp; Sensibility#0800141660
Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Kate Winslet and Hugh Grant star in this captivating romantic comedy that swept the Ten Best Lists and was named the Best Picture of the Year by the Golden Globes(r). Based on Jane Austen's classic novel, <i>Sense and Sensibility</i> tells of the Dashwood sisters, sensible Elinor (Thompson) and passionate Marianne (Winslet), whose chances at marriage seem doomed by their family's sudden loss of fortune. Rickman, Grant, and Greg Wise co-star as the well-intentioned suitors who are trapped by the strict rules of society and the conflicting laws of desire.
this is a great movie
this is one of the best films of all time
 i love it .

The Jason Bourne Collection (The Bourne Identity / The Bourne Supremacy / The Bourne Ultimatum)#B000W07EKW
Get ready for non-stop action, edge-of-your-seat suspense and spectacular chase sequences with everyone's favorite assassin in The Jason Bourne Collection! Matt Damon is Jason Bourne, an elite government agent determined to outwit and outmaneuver anyone who stands in the way of his finding out the secrets of his mysterious past. Follow his explosive, action-packed adventures in three blockbuster films from one of the most popular series of all time: The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Supremacy and The Bourne Ultimatum. Loaded with hours of bonus features, The Jason Bourne Collection is the ultimate Bourne experience for movie fans everywhere!
 i am not a fan of the series .
but it is better in the first place
the trilogy is one of the best trilogy of the series

Wolf#0800177029
Jack Nicholson and Michelle Pfeiffer star in WOLF, a wickedly funny, wildly romantic, white-knuckle thriller. James Spader (TV's "Boston Legal," Sex, Lies and Videotape), Kate Nelligan (The Prince of Tides), Christopher Plummer (The Sound of Music) and David Hyde Pierce (TV's "Frasier", Sleepless in Seattle) co-star in this beastly tale of love and betrayal with equal measures of humor, passion and delicious terror.
it is a great movie to watch
i think this movie is a good movie
great

Charlotte Gray VHS#B00005JKTE
The love story between the characters of Charlotte Gray & Peter Gregory very believable & terribly romantic, and, as it should, it drives the film to its logical conclusion- a heartbreaking one
the cinematography is beautiful and the cinematography is beautiful
 the story is about a man who is a young boy who is a
but the chemistry is great

Below#B00005JKWG
On what should be a routine rescue mission during World War II, the submarine USS Tiger Shark picks up three survivors of a U-boat attack. But for the crew -- trapped together in the sub's narrow corridors and constricted spaces -- the unexpected visitors seem to spark a series of chilling, otherworldly occurrences! Starring Hollywood favorites Olivia Williams (THE SIXTH SENSE, THE POSTMAN), Bruce Greenwood (THIRTEEN DAYS, DOUBLE JEAPOARD), and Matt Davis (LEGALLY BLONDE, BLUE CRUSH).
the cast is excellent
it is a movie that is n't as good as the first
this is a very good film

Once#B000X1Z0BU
A serendipitous meeting on the streets of Dublin between a down on his luck Irish street performer and a poor Czech immigrant sparks a bond that plays out in this hip, modern day music film. ONCE follows the two as they write, rehearse and record the songs that reveal their unique love story.
i watched it in the theater
 do n't waste your time , but it 's a little too much ,
i watched it in the theater and it was n't really good

Kung Pow! Enter the Fist#B00005JKXE
Writer/director Steve Oedekerk (The Nutty Professor and Ace Ventura 2: When Nature Calls) creates an off-the-wall comedy and a new martial arts genre that substantially alters dubbed action footage from a 1970's martial arts picture with a brand new twist in the story line and altered dialogue. The story follows The Chosen One (Oedekerk) as he seeks to avenge the death of his parents at the hands of the evil and seemingly indestructible kung fu legend, Master Pain.
i have heard that it was a good movie and i had to say it
 i was a big fan of this movie .
this movie is funny

The Scorpion King#B00005JKYX
Adventure rules! As the spectacular Mummy series explodes into a new realm of breathtaking, non-stop action in The Scorpion King! Unleashing WWE superstar The Rock as the most feared warrior of the ancient world, The Scorpion King plunges you into a sweeping tale filled with stunning fight sequences, awe-inspiring battles and pulse-pounding thrills. It's the ultimate special effects-powered epic and the must-see-and-see again adventure of the year!
it 's worth owning
i have watched this several times and have watched it several times
the film was a little bit of a disappointment in the film

Tinker Bell#B000XUOIQY
Born into the fantastic world of Pixie Hollow, Tinker Bell thinks her fairy talent as a tinker isn t as special or important as the other fairies talents. But when Tink tries to change who she is, she creates nothing but disaster! With encouragement from her friends Rosetta, Silvermist, Fawn and Iridessa, Tink learns the key to solving her problems lies in her unique tinker abilities and discovers that when she s true to herself, magical things can happen.
the characters are very good and the characters are very good
the visuals in the movie are very good
the story pulls you in the story and you will love it

The Seeker#B000XUUQRE
Based on the acclaimed novel by Susan Cooper, THE SEEKER is the first film adaptation of the author's acclaimed The Dark is Rising Sequence. The film tells the story of Will Stanton, a young man who learns he is the last of a group of warriors who have dedicated their lives to fighting the forces of the Dark. Traveling back and forth through time, Will discovers a series of clues which lead him into a showdown with the forces of unimaginable power. With The Dark rising, the future of the world rests in Will's hands.
this is a very good movie
the producers did n't like the film
this is a very good adaptation of the book

Death Sentence#B000Y7U97I
Nick Hume is a loving father with a perfect life, until one gruesome night he witnesses something that changes him forever. Transformed by grief, Hume eventually comes to the disturbing conclusion that no length is too great when protecting his family.
 the movie is very slow .
and all the cops are in this movie
but it 's a good performance by the cast

Mad Men: Season 1#B000YABIQ6
The ground-breaking new show from AMC that critics are calling "an instant classic" is now available on DVD and Blu-ray. Set in 1960 New York City, MAD MEN explores the glamorous and ego-driven "Golden Age" of advertising, where everyone is selling something and nothing is ever what it seems. And no one plays the game better than Don Draper (Golden Globe - winner Jon Hamm), Madison Avenue's biggest ad man - and ladies man - in the business.
i have watched several episodes of the series
and the drama is a little too much to make you feel like you are
a young boy

Juno#B000YABYLA
JUNO stars Ellen Page as the title character, a whip-smart teen confronting an unplanned pregnancy by her classmate Bleeker (Cera). With the help of her hot best friend Leah (Thirlby), Juno finds her unborn child a "perfect" set of parents: an affluent suburban couple, Mark and Vanessa (Bateman and Garner), longing to adopt. Luckily, Juno has the total support of her parents (Simmons and Janney) as she faces some tough decisions, flirts with adulthood and ultimately figures out where she belongs.
the movie is funny and funny
the dialogue is very good
this movie is very funny

He Was A Quiet Man#B000YDBP3O
Bob Maconel (Christian Slater) endures another eight hours in a dull grey cubicle. Ignored by his co-workers, Bob feels completely invisible and out of sync with the world. On one strange day he crosses the line from potential killer to inadvertent hero when he saves beautiful Venessa (Elisha Cuthbert). His Boss (William H. Macy) transforms Bob into a new man but his good fortune is short lived when the Object of his Desire asks him to end her life.
he 's also a fine performance
it 's a great director
and the rest of the cast is excellent

Y Tu Mama Tambien#B00005JL57
Julio and Tenoch are two teens ruled by raging hormonesand a mission to consume exotic substances. But one summer, the boys learn more about life than they bargain for when they set off on a wild, cross-country road trip with seductive, 28-year-old Luisa. Both boys taste forbidden fruit as Luisa schools them in the finer points of passion, but will their mutual desire for her destroy their friendship forever?
i have to give it a rating because i had to give it a higher
one of the best films of the year
this film is a great film

Hollywood Ending#B00005JL81
Hollywood Ending is an American film from 2002 written and directed by Woody Allen, who also plays the principal character. It tells the story of a once-famous film director who suffers hysterical blindness due to the intense pressure of directing.
the director is a great director
the romantic comedy is a romantic comedy
the director 's cut is a bit too much for the film

The Diving Bell and the Butterfly#B00104QSOC
From Miramax Films and the writer of The Pianist comes one of the most honored and acclaimed motion pictures of 2007. Nominated for 4 Academy Awardsr, this remarkable true story about the power of imagination is a stirring testament to the irrepressible human spirit. Starring an internationally acclaimed cast led by screen legend Max von Sydow, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly is a must own for any film enthusiast.
this movie is a great movie
but audiences are interested in the film
the film is a great film with a great performance by the actors

Die Another Day#B00005JLBE
When his top-secret mission is sabotaged, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) finds himself captured by theenemy, abandoned by MI6 and stripped of his 00-license. Determined to get revenge, Bond goes head-to-head with a sultry spy (Oscar(r) winner* Halle Berry), a frosty agent (Rosamund Pike) anda shadowy billionaire (Toby Stephens) whose business is diamonds but whose secret is a diabolical weapon that could bring the world to its knees! Bristling with excitement and bursting with explosivespecial effects, Die Another Day is an adrenaline-pumping thrill-ride with "stunts and non-stop action [that] will astonish you" (Jeffrey Lyons, WNBC-TV)! *2001: Actress, Monster'sBall
the story is captured in the camera
this film is a great film
and the bond bond in the bond

Angel - Season One#B00005JLEW
HIS TIME HAS COME . . . Now you can own the entire first season of ANGEL. All 22 classic episodes are available for the first time in this exclusive 6-disc collectors edition. From "City of," "In the Dark" and "I Will Remember You" to "Hero," "Sanctuary" and "To Shanshu in L.A.," these Season One episodes are a must for every Angel and Buffy fan.
the best actor of the show
 it 's a good movie to watch .
the cast is great

Blood Work#B00005JLGP
A former FBI profiler who has recently undergone a heart transplant comes out of retirement to track down the serial killer who has recently begun killing victims with the former agent's blood type.
the picture quality is very good
a film that is n't as good as the film
but there are some good twists and turns

Stargate - The Ark of Truth#B0010YSD7M
Blasting off where the Sci-Fi Channels longest running show, Stargate SG-1, left off, this thrilling feature thrusts the Stargate team Daniel Jackson (Michael Shanks), Vala (Claudia Black), Tealc (Christopher Judge), Sam (Amanda Tapping) and Cam (Ben Browder) into their biggest challenge yet. In search of an Ancient artifact they hope can defeat the oppressive Ori, the team not only learns that the Ori are set to launch a final assault on Earth, but a double-crossing I.O. operative is aboard the Odyssey! Also starring Beau Bridges, this pulse-pounder is loaded with enough suspense, humor and action to fill a galaxy!
 i have seen the first season .
the special effects were great
 i am a fan of the series and i enjoyed it .

Chaos#B0010YVCB6
After a deadly bank heist, Detectives Quentin Conners (Jason Statham) and Shane Dekker (Ryan Phillippe) are drawn into a mysterious case where nothing is what it seems. Pulling the strings is a criminal mastermind (Wesley Snipes) who seems to kill without warning or reason. Abound with random acts of violence and deception - the only hope for survival is finding an order to the chaos.
i watched this movie when i was a kid
but it turns out that the story is n't bad
he is not a bad actor

Drumline VHS#B00005JLH2
Halftime is party time in this high-energy comedy about a gifted street drummer (Nick Cannon) who snares the top spot in a university marching band - but quickly discovers it takes more than talent to succeed. Featuring a hip-hop soundtrack and dazzling dance moves, Drumline "shakes, rattles and rolls the house!" (Washington Post)
i think this movie was very funny
i watched it in the theater and i was glad i was watching it
 i was n't sure how much i had to say about this film ,

This Is Spinal Tap#1559408758
Rob Reiner's directorial debut has developed into a cult phenomenon. The film that invented the "rockumentary" has now outlasted most of the bands it mocked. Following the ill-fated American comeback tour of an aging heavy metal group, this film has joined the ranks of the greatest comedies ever made.
one of the best films of all time
the dvd is a good documentary on the dvd
 it is a must see for any fan of the genre , but it

Carnival of Souls#1559409002
Mary Henry (Candace Hilligoss) survives a drag race in a rural Kansas town, then takes a job as a church organist in Salt Lake City. En route, she becomes haunted by a bizarre apparition that compels her to an abandoned lakeside pavillion. Herk Harvey's macabre masterpiece gained a cult following on late night television and has been bootlegged for years. Made by industrial filmmakers on a modest budget, "Carnival of Souls" was intended to have the "look of a Bergman" and "feel of a Cocteau," and succeeds with its strikingly-used locations and spooky organ score.
this is a great adventure
the actors are great
i was a big fan of the movie

The Living And The Dead#B0011B9W6U
A descent into Hell is triggered when ""Ex-Lord"" Donald Brocklebank finds that he must leave Longleigh House for London to find a way to pay for the medical treatments for his wife Nancy. Alone, his over-protected, delusional, adult son, James, fancies himself in charge of the manor house with his terminally ill mother, and barricades the two of them into the house for a series of ever more panicked home treatments, mistakenly protecting her from the arrival of Nurse Mary and any outside help
 it 's a shame that it 's not a bad , but it 's
the storyline is n't bad
it is one of the worst movies i 've seen in a long time

American Gangster#B0011HOEY4
Academy Award winners Denzel Washington and Russell Crowe team with director Ridley Scott (Gladiator) for an epic story as powerful as it is true. Armed with ruthless, street-wise tactics and a strict sense of honor, crime boss Frank Lucas (Washington) rules Harlem's chaotic drug underworld. When outcast cop Richie Roberts (Crowe) sets out to bring down Lucas's multi-million dollar empire, it plunges both men into a legendary confrontation. American Gangster is "a brutal and brilliant film" (Pete Hammond, Maxim)
the performances are good and the performances are excellent
 i think this is a great movie .
and his performance is one of the best

In America#B00005JLR8
From Academy Awad Nominee Jim Sheridan comes this deeply personal and poignant tale of a poor Irish family searching for a better life In America. Through the eyes of their spunky daughters, two anguished parents find hope and the ability to once again believe in love and magiceven amidst the dangers of New York's harrowing Hell's Kitchen. With mesmerizing performances by Samantha Morton and Djimon Hounsou, In America is "a classic" (USA Today) you won't ever forget.
the film is very good
but i think he 's a great performance
the acting is great

Inside#B00125WATQ
Four months after pregnant Sara loses her husband in a horrific auto accident, she is visited on Christmas Eve by a mysterious madwoman. Alone and desperate to save her unborn child, Sara fights to stay alive as each of her potential rescuers die at the womans sadistic hands.
the only thing is that it is a thriller about a group of friends who
but it is a horror film that is one of the most frightening horror films
but it 's still a good suspense

Mr. Magorium's: Wonder Emporium#B00128VA6C
Mr. Magorium's Wonder Emporium is the strangest, most fantastic, most wonderful toy store in the world. In fact, it's a magic toy store and everything in it comes to life -- including the store itself. The Emporium only asks one thing of its customers; you must believe it to see it.
and the young boy
i 'd buy this one
 i was happy to see this movie .

Catch Me If You Can#B00005JLSB
An FBI agent (Hanks) tracks down and catches a young con artist (DiCaprio) who successfully impersonated an airline pilot, doctor, assistant attorney general and history professor, cashing more than $2.5 million in fraudulent checks in 26 countries.
the movie was very good
 i was surprised at how much i was watching this film .
the special features are n't quite good

Chicago#B00005JLSE
Earning 13 Academy Award nominations including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress, and Best Supporting Actress, Chicago stars Catherine Zeta-Jones, Renee Zellweger and Richard Gere. Directed by Rob Marshall, it&#8217;s a dazzling spectacle that was cheered by both audiences and critics nationwide. PG-13. 107 minutes. DVD.
the performances are great
the story is a great treat to the screen
the musical numbers in the film is a wonderful musical score

Dead Alive#157362408X
Timothy Balme, Diana Penalver. When his demanding mother becomes a blood-hungry zombie looking for victims, a devoted son tries to keep her actions a secret from the neighbors. Considered one of the most violent, gory horror films of all time! 1992/color/97 min/unrated/widescreen.
this film is a little too long
this movie is a good movie
i do n't think it was one of the worst reviews i have seen in

The Other Boleyn Girl#B0012QE4Q2
Based on the best-selling novel, The Other Boleyn Girl is a captivating tale of intrigue, romance and betrayal starring Natalie Portman, Scarlett Johansson, and Eric Bana. Two sisters, Anne (Portman) and Mary (Johansson), are driven by their ambitious family to seduce the king of England (Bana) in order to advance their position in court. What starts as an opportunity for the girls to increase the family fortune becomes a deadly rivalry to capture the heart of a king and stay alive.
the best performance of the year
this is a great epic
there are some great roles in this film

The Cottage#B0013D8LLS
Forced into hiding after their kidnapping plan goes awry, two rival siblings, David (Andy Serkis - The Lord of the Rings trilogy) and Peter (Reece Shearsmith - Shaun of the Dead), find themselves fighting for their sanity while they hole up in a secluded country cottage. Weighed down by a hostage who refuses to stay quiet, or tied down, they are soon held captive by their own victim. But everyone's problems go from bad to worse when they come face-to-face with their psychotic axe-wielding neighbor.
the acting is good and the character development is pretty good
the movie is a good twist on the big screen
 this is a good movie .

The Ruins#B0013FZUQA
Based on the terrifying best-seller by Scott Smith, "The Ruins" follows a group of friends who become entangled in a brutal struggle for survival after visiting a remote archaeological dig in the Mexican jungle where they discover something deadly living among the ruins. "The Ruins" stars Jonathan Tucker ("Texas Chainsaw Massacre", "The Black Donnellys"), Jena Malone ("Pride and Prejudice", "Donnie Darko"), Shawn Ashmore ("X-Men: The Last Stand"), Laura Ramsey ("She's the Man") and Joe Anderson ("Across the Universe").
i think this is a good horror film
there are some genuinely funny moments
i thought this was a good little movie

The Forbidden Kingdom#B0013FZUQK
Jet Li, Jackie Chan, Michael Angarano. A 21st century kung fu movie fan is transported back in time. There he joins forces with two ancient Chinese warriors who must defeat the sinister Jade Warlord and end a centuries-old mission to free the Monkey King. 2008/color/104 min/PG-13/widescreen.
the video and audio quality are great
great movie is great fun and fun to watch and you will love it and
the cinematography is great and the story is great

Murder By Decree VHS#6300147444
Sherlock Holmes investigates the murders commited by Jack the Ripper and discovers a conspiracy to protect the killer. Director: Bob Clark Writers: Arthur Conan Doyle (characters), John Hopkins (screenplay) Stars: Christopher Plummer, James Mason, David Hemmings
all of the actors are great
there are some great moments in this movie
there are some good moments

 Hancock (Two-Disc Unrated Edition)#B0013J55B6
Academy Award nominee Will Smith (Best Actor, The Pursuit of Happyness, 2006) stars in this action-packed comedy as Hancock, a sarcastic, hard-living and misunderstood superhero who has fallen out of favor with the public. When Hancock grudgingly agrees to an extreme makeover from idealistic publicist Ray Embrey (Jason Bateman, Juno), his life and reputation rise from the ashes and all seems right again--until he meets a woman (2003 Academy Award winner Charlize Theron, Best Actress, Monster) with similar powers to his and the key to his secret past.
 but it 's not a bad movie .
i have n't seen the first two movies
the cast is great

Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle#B00005JLYW
The "Angels", three investigative agents (Barrymore, Diaz and Liu) who work for the Charles Townsend Detective Agency, return for another high-octane series of adventures as they investigate the theft of a database of witness protection profiles, after five of the people on the list are murdered. They're aided by a new Bosley (Bernie Mac), in an adventure which pits them against a "fallen angel" (Moore), their old nemesis, the Thin Man (Glover), and others.
but the action scenes are pretty good
this film is a great film
it 's worth watching once again

Down with Love#B00005JLZW
Renee Zellweger (Chicago) and Ewan McGregor (Moulin Rouge) are the toast of the town in the most stylish romantic comedy of the year! From the producers of American Beauty and the director of Bring It On comes a teasing, tantalizing battle of the sexes that is "pure enchantment" (Daily News). When best-selling feminist author Barbara Novak (Zellweger) becomes the target of dashing playboy Catcher Block (McGregor), these sparring, would-be lovers generate enough sparks to fly you to the moon and back. In other words, the ultimate catch has just met his match!
this is a great movie to watch with your family
the film was a little bit of a fun and fun film to watch
i love this one and i love the movies in this one

Last Chance Harvey#B0015OKWKS
A struggling New York jingle writer (Dustin Hoffman) and a lonely British bureaucrat (Emma Thompson) meet by chane in London and transform one another's lives.
i 'm not sure that this movie is one of the best movies i 've
the actors are great
 the story is a little too much , but not a bit of a

Righteous Kill#B0015OKWL2
Longtime partners Detectives David Fisk and Thomas Cowan investigate a series of vigilante killings in a gritty and sophisticated New York City crime thriller. From acclaimed director Jon Avnet (Up Close & Personal, th War)
it 's not a bad movie
the movie is so bad that i had to admit i was a little bit
the casting was bad

Q - The Winged Serpent VHS#6300182800
"Q", a giant flying serpent-bird once worshiped by the Aztecs, makes his home atop New York's Chrysler building and terrorizes the city.
this is a great movie
a documentary about the making of the film
the film is a little bit of a drag in the film

Step Brothers#B00164KYTG
Brennan Huff, a sporadically employed thirty-nine-year-old who lives with his mother, Nancy. Dale Doback, a terminally unemployed forty-year-old who lives with his father, Robert. When Robert and Nancy marry and move in together, Brennan and Dale are forced to live with each other as step brothers. As their narcissism and downright aggressive laziness threaten to tear the family apart, these two middle-aged, immature, overgrown boys will orchestrate an insane, elaborate plan to bring their parents back together. To pull it off, they must form an unlikely bond that maybe, just maybe, will finally get them out of the house.
the movie has some funny moments
but there are some funny moments
the humor is funny and the humor is funny

Spun#B00005JM23
Three days of epic drug binging become a meth-induced odyssey for college dropout Ross when he becomes the local crystal meth cook's personal driver in exchange for free drugs. Bouncing from one bizarre situation to another, Ross slowly slips deeper and deeper into the crazy anonymous world of speed freaks in which there exists no boundaries or morality. With an all star cast including Brittany Murphy, Jason Schwartzman, John Leguizamo, Patrick Fugit, Mena Suvari, and an unfortunate green dog,get ready to see the city through eyes that can't sleep. It's SPUN.
the film is very good
with a cast of great actors
the plot is pretty good

Bend It Like Beckham#B00005JM2Y
Sometimes, to follow your dreamsyou've go to bend the rules! Audiences and critics alike are cheering wildly for this "exhilaratingterrific comedy" (Entertainment Weekly) about a young girl who is torn between adhering to family traditions and attaining super-stardom on the soccer field. Hailed as the year's must-see crowd pleaser that "makes you feel good and laugh out loud" (Chicago Sun-Times), "Bend It Like Beckham" scores! (Time Magazine)
1 ) the dvd is a good movie with a number of extras including deleted
the performances are great
the cast is great

Fanboys#B0016MJ6GA
In 1998, four childhood buddies with a shared love of all things Star Wars reunite for one final, hilarious odyssey. Their insane plan: a cross-country road trip to storm George Lucas' Skywalker Ranch and steal a copy of Episode I before it's released. With the police, a crew of angry Trekkies, and a crazy pimp hot on their trail, what could possibly go wrong? Featuring Dan Fogler (Balls of Fury), Jay Baruchel (Tropic Thunder), and Kristen Bell (Forgetting Sarah Marshall), plus a slew of hysterical surprise cameos, the Force IS strong with this one! (Brian Gallagher, MovieWeb)
it 's a satire of satire
it was like watching a comedy in the first place
3 stars out of the same as the first film

The Last Winter#B0016MJ6JM
A team in Alaska is tormented by an unseen evil. After one crewmember is found dead, disorientation slowly claims the sanity of the other team members as each of them succumbs to an unknown fear.
i 've seen this film several times and it is a must see for any
 the worst thing i have ever seen .
the political thriller

Anger Management#B00005JM4Q
After a small misunderstanding aboard an airplane escalates out of control, timid businessman Dave Buznik (Sandler) is ordered by the court to undergo anger management therapy at the hands of specialist Dr. Buddy Rydell (Nicholson). But when Buddy steps up his aggressive treatment by moving in, Dave goes from mild to wild as the unorthodox treatment wreaks havoc with his life in this hilarious hit comedy that will drive you mad with laughter!
this movie is a great movie
he is a career in the film
he gives a very good performance

Legally Blonde 2: Red, White &amp; Blonde#B00005JM55
Pretty-in-pink lawyer Elle Woods heads off to Washington to accessorize her rights, take on the political establishment, and initiate legislation in the name of her beloved dog, Bruiser.
 the movie was n't bad , but i do n't know what i expected
there are some funny moments
this movie is a great movie to watch

Jumper#B00177Y9ZC
The science fiction thriller leaps into a new realm with JUMPER, which begins the epic adventures of a man who discovers that he possesses the exhilarating ability to instantly teleport anywhere in the world he can imagine. From New York to Tokyo, from the ruins of Rome to the heart of the Saharan Desert, anywhere is possible for David Rice (HAYDEN CHRISTENSEN), until he begins to see that his freedom is not total, that he's not alone... but part of an ongoing, global war that threatens the very survival of his rare and extraordinary kind.
and the cameo in this film is the only reason i 've seen in a
but the actors are all good
it 's one of the best films ever made

The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen#B00005JM5B
Based on the graphic novel, literary characters meet up in New York at the turn of the 19th Century to battle criminal elements of the highest order.
and the hero is a hero
the special features are great
but it 's not one of the best films of all time

Meet The Spartans#B00177Y9ZW
The heroic Leonidas, armed with nothing by leather underwear and a cape, leads a ragtag group of 13 - count 'em, 13! - Spartans to defend their homeland against the invading Persians (whose ranks include Ghost Rider, Rocky Balboa, the Transformers, and a hunchbacked Paris Hilton...no one is safe when the Spartans take on the biggest icons in pop culture).
it has a few funny scenes
it started out with a few funny moments
it 's not a big screen

Stargate: Continuum#B0017MO10U
While SG-1 attends the execution of Baal, the last of the Goauld System Lords, Tealc and Vala inexplicably disappear into thin air. Carter, Daniel and Mitchell race back to a world where history has been changed: the Stargate program has been erased from the timeline. The remaining SG-1 members must find the Stargate and set things right before they world is enslaved by the Goauld.
i think the character development was good and the character development was good
i was n't expecting a movie that was n't as good as the first
it 's a great commentary on the dvd

Little Fockers#B0018AQ2RG
Greg Focker (Ben Stiller) has finally begun to earn the respect of his ex-CIA father-in-law, Jack Byrnes (Robert De Niro) but one important test still lies ahead: will Greg prove that he has what it takes to be the family's next "Godfocker" ... or will the circle of trust be broken for good? Returning co-stars Owen Wilson, Blythe Danner, Teri Polo, Dustin Hoffman and Barbra Streisand are joined by newcomers Jessica Alba, Laura Dern and Harvey Keitel in this hysterical family affair.
this movie is awesome
 it was a little too much of the story line but it was a
the storyline is weak

28 Days Later#B00005JMA8
A virus is accidentally released from a British research facility. Those infected with the virus develop uncontrollable fits of killing rage. Twenty-eight days later, humanity is on the verge of extinction and a small group of survivors in London battle other survivors while avoiding the deadly virus.
 the movie is a must see .
the story is a real killer
the directing is good and the acting is superb

Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban#B00005JMAH
As Harry Potter readies himself for his third year at Hogwarts, an incident in which he is unable to control his anger forces him on the lam. At the same time, a dangerous man named Sirius Black escapes from the Azkaban prison with one thought on his mind: to track down and kill Harry Potter. The third year at Hogwarts is full of excitement and danger for Harry and his friends Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger.
the plots are better than the original
i love this movie and i love it and i love it and i love
the dvd transfer is very good

Battlestar Galactica: The Complete Series#B001993Y2C
Now you can relive every action-packed moment of the epic story that Entertainment Weekly proclaims Riveting! Rejoin the fight to save the human race as a small but determined fleet quests for the fabled planet Earth while being hunted by their nemeses, the robot cylons. Presented uninterrupted and in Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound, experience the phenomenon from beginning to end!
i was n't sure how much of the previous seasons were made
 i like the first one .
 very good .

American Wedding#B00005JMCT
You're on the guest list - for this UNRATED American Wedding, the version you couldn't see in theaters! The American Pie gang returns to wreak havoc with a new rite of passage when Jim (Jason Biggs) and Michelle (Alyson Hannigan) decide to get married! Of course, Stifler (Seann William Scott) will be there (bridesmaids!) and, more importantly, will throw the ultimate bachelor party (strippers!). So RSVP for the outrageously UNRATED American Wedding experience, in this hilariously hot, frantically funny final chapter of the unforgettable American Pie saga!
the best trilogy of the trilogy
this is a good purchase
the film is a big screen in the first place

Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen#B0019M5C0Q
One of the most popular, thrill-packed, franchises of all time is back with even more action and more Autobots and Decepticons! In the highly anticipated <em>Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen</em>, Decepticon forces return to Earth on a mission to take Sam Witwicky (Shia LaBeouf) prisoner, after the young hero learns the truth about the ancient origins of the Transformers. Joining the mission to product humankind is Optimus Prime, who forms an alliance with international armies for a second epic battle.<br /><br /><br />
i saw the third installment in the series
bad dialogue
it 's a lot of laughs in this film

Terms of Endearment VHS#6300214117
Guaranteed to work or your money back - PLEASE NOTE ALL MONIES FROM THIS SALE GO TO A 501 (C)3 NO KILL ANIMAL SHELTER
there are some very interesting character development in this film
and the film is a little bit of the charm of the story
this is one of the best dramas in the history of cinema

Intolerable Cruelty#B00005JMET
It's comic gold as two of Hollywood's most dazzling stars - George Clooney and Academy Award-winner Catherine Zeta-Jones - light up the screen in Intolerable Cruelty, a hilarious romantic comedy about men, women, and everything that can go wrong between them. Sparks fly when brilliant divorce attorney Miles Massey (Clooney) meets his match in the beautiful but ruthless Marylin Rexroth (Zeta-Jones). From Academy Award-winning directors Joel Coen and Ethan Coen (Fargo; O Brother, Where Art Thou?), Intolerable Cruelty also stars multi-talented Billy Bob Thornton and outrageous Cedric The Entertainer.
but the plot is predictable and the plot is predictable
if you 're a fan of the genre in the genre
but the script is weak

An Officer and A Gentleman VHS#6300214222
Richard Gere plays an enrollee at a Naval officers candidate school, and Debra Winger is the woman who wants him. That's pretty much it, story-wise, in this romantic drama, which is more effective in a moment-to-moment, scene-by-scene way, where the two stars and Oscar-winner Louis Gossett Jr.--as Gere's tough-as-nails drill instructor--are fun to watch. Sexy, syrupy, with occasional pitches of high drama (Gere having a near-breakdown during training is pretty strong), An Officer and a Gentleman proves to be a no-brainer date movie. --Tom Keogh
 this is a great movie .
why i like this movie
this film was a big hit film

Love Actually#B00005JMFQ
"Get ready for fun!" (Leah Rozen, People) with the "feel good movie of the year!" (Clay Smith, Access Hollywood) Love Actually is the ultimate romantic comedy from the makers of Bridget Jones's Diary and Notting Hill. Funny, irresistible and heartwarming, an all-star cast (Hugh Grant, Liam Neeson, Colin Firth and Emma Thompson, to name a few!) will take you on a breathtaking tour of love's delightful twists and turns. Fall under the spell of Love Actually and share the laughs and charm again and again.
the special features are great
great script
i watched this film in the theater and it was a little slow

Swimming Pool#B00005JMIJ
Dive into a mind-bending thriller that's soaked with raw sensuality! A murder-mystery author's search for inspiration takes a wicked turn when she meets a sexy and provocative young woman with an explosive past, in the movie Interview calls "A thrilling film! Charlotte Rampling and Ludivine Sagnier sizzle!"
the first time i watched it
the movie drags in a slow pace
the novel was a little too much to say that it was a movie that

Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed#B001BYLFFS
Big science has expelled smart new ideas from the classroom ... What they forgot is that every generation has its Rebel! That rebel, Ben Stein (Ferris Buellers Day Off) travels the world on his quest, and learns an awe-inspiring truth  that educators and scientists are being ridiculed, denied tenure and even fired  for the crime of merely believing that there might be evidence of design in nature, and that perhaps life is not just the result of accidental, random chance. To which Ben Says: Enough! And then gets busy. NOBODY messes with Ben.
 the story is very slow and the pace is slow and the pace is
i do n't understand why the negative reviews are
it 's worth a watch

Witness VHS#6300214567
VHS starring Harrison Ford With Bonus Interview with Director Peter Weir.  Story about a young Amish Woman and her son caught up in the murder of an undercover agent.  Harrison Ford is a sensational cop who runs head-on into the non-violent world of the Amish Community.
this is a great film
a great thriller
this is a very good movie

 The Young Victoria [Blu-ray]#B001C46P2K
Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend star in the lavish historical drama, THE YOUNG VICTORIA. Resolved to establish her authority over those who rule in her stead, a young and inexperienced Queen Victoria (Blunt) draws strength from the love of Albert (Friend), the handsome prince whos stolen her heart. Based on the courtship and early reign of Englands longest-serving monarch, THE YOUNG VICTORIA is a majestic tale of romance, intrigue and power.
the costumes and costumes are superb
this is one of the best movies of all time
with the exception of the two leads

Red#B001CT8762
An older, reclusive man, Avery, (Brian Cox) has a best friend in his dog RED. When three teens kill Red for no reason, Avery sets out for justice and redemption, attempting to follow the letter of the law. But when the law fails him, and the boys' father (Tom Sizemore) clearly defines right and wrong in his own way, Avery must use whatever means possible.
the script is good
the actors are good
the film turns out to be a good

Vicky Cristina Barcelona#B001DJ7PR8
Oscar winner Javier Bardem (No Country for Old Men), Oscar nominee Penelope Cruz (Volver) and Golden Globe nominee Scarlett Johansson (The Nanny Diaries) light up the stunning city of Barcelona in this sexy romantic comedy. Vicky and Cristina are two young Americans spending a summer in Spain, who meet a charming Casanova and his beautiful but volatile ex-wife. When they all become romantically entangled, the smoldering sparks begin to fly in hilarious fashion. Critics rave, Vicky Cristina Barcelona is one of Woody Allen s finest films, with bravura performances from its incredible cast (Jeffrey Lyons, Reel Talk/NBC).
the dialogue is predictable and the dialogue is very predictable
the casting is superb
the film is a little too much for the film

Naked Prey VHS#6300215849
FILMED IN AFRICA,A HUNTING PARTY IS KILLED,ALL BUT CORNEL WILDE,WHO IS SET FREE ONLY TO BE HUNTED DOWN AND KILLED.SCARCE ON DIALOG BUT LOTS OF SUSPENSE.
it has some very funny moments
the film is captured and captured in the film
it was released in the early 1980s

Hatari VHS#6300215954
A group of men trap wild animals in Africa and sell them to zoos before the arrival of a female wildlife photographer threatens to change their ways. Director: Howard Hawks Writers: Leigh Brackett (screenplay), Harry Kurnitz (story) Stars: John Wayne, Elsa Martinelli, Hardy Krger
it 's a big hit
it has some great moments
this is a great movie

The Day After Tomorrow#B00005JMXX
The effects of global warming and the greenhouse effect has caught up with the Earth. The polar ice caps are melting and the world's weather patterns are all out of sync. The next ice age is upon us. A scientist that specializes in historical extreme weather changes must fight his way north to New York where his son is caught in the clutches of mother nature.
this is a throwback to the classic horror movie that is a must see
this is a great flick
i liked this movie

Hud VHS#6300215962
Paul Newman is Hud, a man at odds with his father, tradition and himself. Hud's only interests are fighting, drinking, hot-rodding  his Cadillac and womanizing. Melvyn Douglas is the father, an old-line cattle rancher, and Patricia Neal is the understanding and appealing housekeeper. Directed by Martin Ritt, Costumes by the acclaimed Edith Head. Academy Awards went to Patricia Neal, Melvyn Douglas, and to James Wong Howe for brilliant cinematography. Black and white, Hi-Fi, 1962, running time 112 minutes.
the soundtrack is excellent
the hero in the movie is a real treat
the camera work is great and the camera work is very good

Dodgeball - A True Underdog Story Full Screen Edition#B00005JMYF
You'll dodge, duck, dip, dive. . . and laugh out loud watching Vince Vaughn and Ben Stiller settle their differences in a winner-take-all dodgeball competition. Under the painful tutelage of legendary ADAA champ, Patches O'Houlihan (Rip Torn), Peter LaFle
but it 's a comedy that is worth watching
this movie is not bad
but it 's funny and the laughs are good

 An American Carol [Blu-ray]#B001FACH8M
From David Zucker, the director of The Naked Gun and Airplane! comes a bare-knuckle comedy where no one is safe from the onslaught of lunacy. When obnoxious Hollywood director Michael Malone organizes a Ban the 4th of July campaign, his efforts are upended by a gang of spirits from America s past. Zucker roasts a herd of sacred cows in this latest parody featuring an all-star cast.
i was n't expecting anything to be a good comedy
there is a lot of humor in this film
 i do n't know what i expected , but i do n't know what

Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy#B00005JMYI
Will Ferrel (<em>Old School</em>, <em>Elf</em>) is Ron Burgundy, a top-rated 1970's San Diego anchorman who believes women have a place in the newsroom - as long as they stick to covering fashion shows or late-breaking cooking stories. So when ron is told he'll be working with a bright young newswoman (Christina Applegate) who's beautiful, ambitious and smart enough to be more than eye candy, it's not just a clash of two TV people with really great hair - it's war! Filled with wicked wit and slapstick humor, <em>Anchorman </em>is the year's most wildly irreverent, must-see comedy hit!
it 's funny and funny - it 's not a bad movie
there are some great movies
i was able to watch this movie when it was first released

AVP: Alien vs. Predator#B00005JMZK
The sudden discovery of a pyramid frozen under the ice of Antartica results in the dispatchment of a team of scientists and adventurers to investigate. Once they enter the underground pyramid, the team comes face to face with an ancient battle between two alien species - a battle that will come to a head on Earth.
but the twist in the movie is a bit of a horror movie that is
i think the negative reviews are
this is a great film

EuroTrip Unrated#B00005JN0A
When a high school guy learns that his male German pen pal is really a female he travels there to meet the gal behind the pen.
the movie is full of nudity and a lot of fun and funny
there are some funny moments in this movie
but i think it 's a good comedy

I, Robot#B00005JN0T
In the year 2035, technology and robots are a trusted part of everyday life. But that trust is broken when a scientist is found dead and a skeptical detective believes that a robot is responsible.
this is a great transfer
the special features are also excellent
it 's not a movie

Yes Man#B001FB55LW
EVERYTHING TO SEE THE EFFECTS AFTER MAKING A CONVENANT WITH ACOMPULSIVE 'NO' SAYER, CARL ALLEN, DECIDES TO SAY 'YES' TOMOTIVATIONAL SPEAKER.
i 'm not a big fan of this movie
but i 'm a big fan of comedy
the costumes in this movie is amazing

 Nine#B001FB55OE
From Rob Marshall, the director of CHICAGO comes NINE, a vibrant and provocative musical filled with love, lust, passion and glamour. A world famous film director reaches a creative and personal crisis of epic proportion, while balancing numerous women in his life. With its incredible all-star cast, amazing performances and stunning visuals, this razzle-dazzle extravaganza will make you long to BE ITALIAN.
the performances are great
i think the director did a good job
the musical numbers in the movie is a musical score

Collateral#B00005JN2Z
Tom Cruise, Jamie Foxx. An edge-of-your-seat thriller has a super cool and super calm contract killer making his hits one stop at a time right out of his cab for a perfect getaway every time. Directed by Michael Mann. 2004/color/122 min/R.
and his performances are excellent
the camera is great and the camera work is very well done and the acting
it was a very good movie to watch

Timecrimes#B001FOPOD8
A man being pursued by a murderer stumbles into a mysterious lab and accidentally travels back in time. A<br>naked girl in the midst of the forest. A cloaked stranger with his face covered in bandages. A disquieting<br>mansion on the top of a hill. All of them pieces of an unpredictable jigsaw puzzle where terror, drama and suspense will lead to an unthinkable sort of crime. Who's the murderer? Who's the victim?
i liked this movie
i do n't think the films were n't as good as the first
it 's not worth watching

The SpongeBob Squarepants Movie#B00005JN55
Everyone's favorite sponge that lives in a pineapple at the bottom of the sea sets out on a quest with his sidekick Patrick, a starfish, to save Bikini Bottom from evil forces.
i think the musical numbers are great
 i was not expecting a little bit of a movie .
i was a little disappointed in the first release

The Poseidon Adventure VHS#6300247031
Guaranteed to work or your money back - PLEASE NOTE ALL MONIES FROM THIS SALE GO TO A 501 (C)3 NO KILL ANIMAL SHELTER
the score is great
and a great drama
the hero is a hero in the world

Mad Men: Season 2#B001GCUER0
<P><SPAN style="WIDOWS: 2; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: separate; FONT: medium 'Times New Roman'; WHITE-SPACE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-border-horizontal-spacing: 0px; -webkit-border-vertical-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-decorations-in-effect: none; -webkit-text-size-adjust: auto; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px" class=Apple-style-span><SPAN style="FONT-FAMILY: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif; FONT-SIZE: x-small; -webkit-border-horizontal-spacing: 1px; -webkit-border-vertical-spacing: 1px" class=Apple-style-span><FONT color=#000000 size=3>Set in 1960s New York City, MAD MEN explores the glamorous and ego-driven Golden Age of advertising, where everyone is selling something and nothing is ever what it seems. And no one plays the game better than Don Draper (Golden Globe(r) - winner Jon Hamm), Madison
the first half of the film is a little too long
but it is a drama that is worth watching
the second season is very good

The Omen VHS#6300247104
The first film in classic, four-part legacy of terror stars Gregory Peck as an ambassador who is talked into switching his wife's (Lee Remick) stillborn baby with an orphaned infant. When young Damien is Five, the horror begins with his nanny's dramatic suicide. As the death toll escalates, Damien's father, realizing his son is the antichrist, decides that he must kill the boy and rid the world of the evil.
great acting
a classic horror film
 i love it .

Meet the Fockers#B00005JN5T
Domestic disaster looms for male nurse Greg Focker (Stiller) when his straight-laced, ex-CIA father-in-law (De Niro) asks to meet his wildly unconventional mom and dad (Streisand and Hoffman). It's family bonding gone hysterically haywire, in the must-see comedy critics are calling "A laugh riot!" (Larry King)
i was watching this in the theatre
but it 's a great release
i was a big star of the show

Alien VHS#6300247171
The terror begins when the crew of a spaceship investigates a transmission from a desolate planet, and discovers a life form that is perfectly evolved to annihilate mankind. One by one, each crew member is slain until only Ripley is left, leading to an explosive conclusion that sets the stage for its stunning sequel, "Aliens."
the aliens are in the aliens and the aliens are in the same way
 this is a must see .
and a great performance by the lead

 Knowing [Blu-ray]#B001GCUNZI
A college professor (Nicolas Cage) opens a time capsule that has been dug up at his son s elementary school. In it are some chilling accurate predictions of disasters... when, where, and how many will die. Most of these events must uncover the details of the next disasters in hopes of preventing them. If he fails, who knows how many will die?
rent this one
and the movie was not bad
the color is in the color of the film is very well done

Amazing Stories: The Complete First Season#B00005JN8Q
As one experience ends, another adventure begins in the extraordinary worlds of Amazing Stories! From acclaimed director-producer Steven Spielberg and Amblin Entertainment comes the Emmy Award-winning TV series available on DVD for the first time ever. Join a roster of cinema's most illustrious stars, including Kiefer Sutherland, Charlie Sheen, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Kevin Costner and more, as well as some of Hollywood's greatest directorial talents, in this epic collection of all 24 groundbreaking Season One episodes. Relive all the mesmerizing magic, mystery and suspense in these unique episodes from some of filmmaking's finest storytellers!
 i have n't seen it in the first season .
 i have n't seen it for my daughter , but i have n't seen
the dvd transfer is good and the sound is very good

Napoleon Dynamite#B00005JNBQ
Napoleon Dynamite is a new kind of hero, complete with a tight 'fro, sweet moon boots, and skills that can't be topped. Napoleon spends his days drawing mythical beasts, duking it out with his brother Kip and avoiding his scheming Uncle Rico. When two new friends enter Napoleon's life -- shy Deb and mustachioed Pedro, the trio launches a campaign to elect Pedro for class president and make the student body's wildest dreams come true. But if Pedro is to beat stuck-up Summer, Napoleon will have to unleash his secret weapon.
this movie is funny
the film has some funny moments
this movie is a great family movie

X-Men Origins: Wolverine#B001GCUO16
Heroic Hugh Jackman breathes the fire into Wolverine (Miami Herald)  with a vengeance! This pulse-pounding action thriller sinks razor-sharp adamantium claws into the mysterious origins of Logan/Wolverine: his epically violent and romantic past, his complex relationship with Victor Creed/Sabretooth (Liev Schreiber), and the ominous Weapon X program that unleashes his primal fury. Along the way, Wolverine also encounters legendary new mutants, including Deadpool (Ryan Reynolds) and Gambit (Taylor Kitsch). Youll go berserker for this deeper, darker, more-spectacular-than-ever chapter of the X-Men saga!
 it 's a great movie to watch .
i think the director did n't have the same action
the action scenes are great

Garden State#B00005JNC2
After ten years of being away from home, a young man returns to his hometown for his mother's funeral. A young woman from his past helps him to reconnect with his family and his roots.
it 's a great moment in the film
i think it 's one of the best comedies of all time
but this movie was n't as good as the movie

Paparazzi#B00005JNCN
Action film superstar Bo Laramie (Cole Hauser) seems to have it all: beautiful wife, adoring son and a Malibu beach house. But his newfound fame comes with a price ? he's the target of paparazzi bent on making Bo and his loved ones fodder for the tabloids. Led by "superstar" photographer, Rex (Tom Sizemore), the paparazzi become increasingly relentless, until one night their ruthless actions turn Bo and his family into victims of a terrible accident. With the police unable to help, Bo seeks vengeance on his own ? and the paparazzi start falling...one by one.
a great thriller
a great film
the movie was released in the early 1980s

Shutter Island#B001GCUO5M
Academy Award&reg; winning director Martin Scorses once again teams up with Leonardo DiCaprio in this spine-chilling thriller that critics say &ldquo;sizzles with so much suspense that it&rsquo;s hot to the touch.&rdquo;** When U.S. Marshal Teddy Daniels (DiCaprio) arrives at the asylum for the criminally insane on Shutter Island, what starts as a routine investigation quickly takes a sinister turn. As the investigation unfolds and Teddy uncovers more shocking and terrifying truths about the island, he learns there are some places that never let you go. **<em>Peter Travers, Rolling Stone</em>
great actor
i think it is a good adaptation of the book
a good horror movie

The Fly VHS#6300248135
Seth Brundle, a brilliant but eccentric scientist attempts to woo investigative journalist Veronica Quaife by offering her a scoop on his latest research in the field of matter transportation, which against all the expectations of the scientific establishment have proved successful. Up to a point. Brundle thinks he has ironed out the last problem when he successfully transports a living creature, but when he attempts to teleport himself a fly enters one of the transmission booths, and Brundle finds he is a changed man.
i watched this one in the theater and it was a little slow and it
the transfer is good and the sound is very good and the audio is very
the film is a very good film

Seed of Chucky#B00005JND2
In this outrageous, unrated and fully extended version of Seed of Chucky, everyone's favorite killer doll returns - and he's bringing the entire family! This time around, Chucky (voiced again by Brad Dourif) and his homicidal honey, Tiffany, are brought back to life by their orphan offspring, Glen. Then, the horror goes Hollywood as Chucky unleashes his own brand of murderous mayhem! Featuring Academy Award nominee Jennifer Tilly (as herself and the voice of Tiffany) and hip-hop star Redman, it's more gore, more gags, and much more Chucky doing his dirtiest deeds yet!
and fans of the genre
the only thing that is the best transfer of the film is the best of
i think the franchise is a good movie

I've Loved You So Long#B001GCUO6Q
Juliette Fontaine (Kristin Scott Thomas, Golden Globe Nominee for I've Loved You So Long, Oscar nominee for The English Patient) is a frail, haunted woman, an ex-doctor who's a shell of her former self. Having served 15 years in prison for an unspeakable crime, she's back on the "outside." With nowhere else to go, she comes to live with her loving but estranged sister Lea (Elsa Zylberstein). Together the sisters embark on a painful but redemptive journey back from life's darkest edge in this gripping drama of struggle and salvation.
the best performance of the film is the best of the film
a happy ending
this is a great movie

Ray#B00005JND5
Jamie Foxx (Collateral) stars as the one-of-a-kind innovator of soul who overcame impossible odds to become a music legend. Ray is the triumphant and remarkable story of one of America's true musical geniuses, Ray Charles. From his humble beginnings in the South through his meteoric rise to the top of American music charts, Ray's inspirational journey is a tale of hope, redemption and the power of the human spirit. "Ray is Electrifying" hails Peter Travers of Rolling Stone. Witness the incredible true story of a musician who fought harder and went further than anyone could imagine.
he is a big hit
 i was a big fan of the book .
the audiences will be happy with the ending

Bridget Jones - The Edge of Reason#B00005JNDZ
Renee Zellweger is back as everyone's favorite witty heroine in Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason. Not that Bridget's counting, but it's been six wonderful weeks, four fabulous days, and seven precious hours with one flawless boyfriend, Mark Darcy (Colin Firth). But when mischievous and devilishly charming Daniel Cleaver (Hugh Grant) arrives on the scene claiming to be a reformed man, can Bridget find a way to make true love last forever? It's the "absolutely hilarious" (Jim Ferguson, ABC-TV) romantic comedy that proves there's nothing like love to send you over the edge.
i 'm not sure that it 's not for the first one but it 's
the cast is not bad
the commentary is a little too much for the movie

Fahrenheit 9/11#B00005JNEI
In the most provocative film of the year, Academy Award(r)-winner Michael Moore (2002, Best Documentary, Bowling for Columbine) presents a searing examination of the role played by money and oil in thewake of the tragic events of 9/11. Moore blends captivating and thought-provoking footage with revealing interviews, while balancing it all with his own brand of humor and satire.
this movie is a very good movie
this film is a great film
the plot is very good

Friday Night Lights#B00005JNEW
A genuine stand-up-and-cheer movie about a courageous high school football team's fight to fulfill their destiny and live their dream, Friday Night Lights is "unforgettable and real!" (Larry King) Billy Bob Thornton stars in a true American story of how one legendary Texas town made hope come alive under the exhilarating glare of Friday Night Lights! "One of the greatest sports stories ever told" (Sports Illustrated) is now "one of the greatest sports movies ever made!" (Larry King)
and the villains in this film are the best
the camera work is great and the camera work is very good
the film starts out with a bang that is worth watching

Ju-on#B00005JNJR
AN EERIE TALE OF A FAMILY WHO IS BRUTALLY KILLED IN THEIR OWN HOME, LEAVING BEHIND AN EVIL SPIRIT LURKING IN THE SHADOWS. WHEN AN UNKNOWING HOMECARE WORKER ENTERS, THE SPIRIT IS AWAKENED & A TERRIFYING CHAIN OF EVENTS BEGINS, PASSING THROUGH ALL THOSE WHO STEP FOOT IN THIS DARK HOUSE. US REMAKE, "GRUDGE"
i like this movie
the film is a little scared in the horror genre
 if you are a fan of the zombie genre you will be disappointed with

 Fireproof [Blu-ray]#B001HN68ZU
Kirk Cameron (Left Behind) stars as Caleb Holt, a heroic fire captain who values dedication and service to others above all else. But the most important partnership in his life, his marriage, is about to go up in smoke. This gripping story follows one man's desire to transform his life and marriage through the healing power of faith and fully embrace the fireman's code: Never Leave Your Partner Behind.
great actors
the production values are excellent
i watched this movie when it was first released

 Underworld#B001HN697M
The prequel story traces the origins of the centuries-old blood feud between the aristocratic vampires known as Death Dealers and their onetime slaves, the Lycans. In the Dark Ages, a young Lycan named Lucian (Michael Sheen) emerges as a powerful leader who rallies the werewolves to rise up against Viktor (Bill Nighy), the cruel vampire king who has enslaved them. Lucian is joined by his secret lover, Sonja (Rhona Mitra), in his battle against the Death Dealer army and his struggle for Lycan freedom.
but there are some good moments
i have seen this movie several times
 i have to say this is a good movie and i am not sure

White Noise#B00005JNNT
The year's most disturbing thriller explores the unsettling possibility that the dead can contact usall we have to do is listen. When architect Jonathan Rivers (Michael Keaton) loses his wife in a tragic accident, he turns to the shadowy, unnerving world of Electronic Voice Phenomenon - communication from beyond the grave. But as he begins to penetrate the mysteries of EVP, Jonathan makes a shocking discovery: once a portal to the other world is opened, there's no telling what will come through it.
 it is a shame that it 's not a bad movie .
i have seen movies in the past
the film is a little too long for the whole time

Mister Roberts VHS#6300267962
Henry Fonda re-created his Broadway hit for this 1955 film that was mostly directed by Fonda's frequent collaborator, John Ford (<i>Young Mr. Lincoln</i>, <i>My Darling Clementine</i>)--an ailing Ford was replaced at some point by Mervyn LeRoy--and the results are exceptionally fine. A perfect cast, including James Cagney's irascible captain, William Powell's thoughtful physician, and Jack Lemmon's Oscar-winning Ensign Pulver, give Fonda the right boost to portray his ennui-burdened officer with dignity, self-effacing humor, and not a trace of self-pity. A wonderful film. <i>--Tom Keogh</i>
a big hit in the early 90s
great actors
i have to say that this is one of the best movies ever made

Battle of the Bulge VHS#6300268748
Nazi Panzer forces stage a last-ditch Belgian front offensive that could turn the tide of WWII! Henry Fonda, Robert Shaw and Robert Ryan in the spectacular recreation of a crucial campaign. Year: 1965
the acting is a bit of the same accents
it is a film that is worth watching
the dialogue is very good and the dialogue is very well done

The Interpreter#B00005JNQA
Academy Award winners Nicole Kidman and Sean Penn star in the action-packed thriller, The Interpreter. In one of the hidden corridors of power at United Nations headquarters, translator Silvia Broome (Kidman) overhears a potentially explosive secret about a planned assassination attempt. But when federal agent Tobin Keller (Penn) investigates her claim and digs deeper into Silvia's dangerous past, he begins to question whether she is a victim - or a suspect. From Oscar-winning director Sydney Pollack comes the riveting, edge-of-your-seat story of international intrigue that Ebert & Roeper give "Two thumbs up!"
i think the director did a good job
the suspense is a little suspense
i watched it in the theater and it was a little too long to watch

The Pacifier#B00005JNQG
Walt Disney Pictures presents action hero Vin Diesel (XXX, THE FAST AND THE FURIOUS) in a fast-paced comedy from the director of BRINGING DOWN THE HOUSE! Lt. Shane Wolfe (Diesel) is a tough-as-nails Navy S.E.A.L. who has controlled military operations in every corner of the globe. Now the ultimate test comes when he's assigned to protect the home front ... as in a house loaded with five out-of-control kids! But even when he trades combat gear for diapers and juice boxes, it's not just a babysitting job -- it's an adventure!
the humor is great and the characters are very good
 i 'm not sure i 'm sure that i would n't recommend it to
 it 's a good comedy .

Fantastic Four#B00005JNTU
Jessica Alba, Chris Evans and Michael Chiklis head a sexy, star-powered cast in this explosive adventure about a quartet of flawed, ordinary human beings who suddenly find themselves with extraordinary abilities. <P>After exposure to cosmic radiation, four astronauts become the most remarkable, if dysfunctional, superheroes of all time. Unfortunately, the mission's sponsor has also been transformed ? into the world's most lethal supervillain ? setting the stage for a confrontation of epic proportions. Packed with nonstop action, big laughs and awesome special effects, Fantastic 4 is "powerful fun" (The Baltimore Sun) from start to finish!
it 's hard to watch
 the only thing that i would have liked to say , but i do
 the story is a good , but not a good action film , but

Valkyrie#B001KZIRKY
Based on the incredible true story of Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg (Cruise) and his ingenious assassination plot targeting Adolph Hitler, this engrossing thriller reenacts the daring operation to eliminate one of the most evil tyrants the world has ever known.
i was a little disappointed in the first half of the film
the plot is very good
but the actor is a good actor

Eagle Eye#B001L2ZSKS
Jerry Shaw (LaBeouf) and Rachel Holloman (Monaghan) are two strangers thrown together by a mysterious phone call from a woman they have never met. Threatening their lives and family, she pushes Jerry and Rachel into a series of increasingly dangerous situations using the technology of everyday life to track and control their every move. As the situation escalates, these two ordinary people become the country's most wanted fugitives, who must work together to discover what is really happening and more importantly, why.
but it 's still worth a watch
the plot is very slow moving
the storyline is pretty good

Land of the Dead#B00005JO16
Packed with more heart-pounding and blood-curdling thrills than any theater could show, this special Unrated Director's Cut unleashes the ultimate vision of George A. Romero's latest living-dead shock-fest! Starring Simon Baker, Dennis Hopper and John Leguizamo, Land of the Dead finds humanity's last remnants battling to survive the unspeakable truth: The ravenous zombie hordes besieging their fortified cityare evolving!
the zombies in this movie are a little too much better than the first one
the film is a bit slow in spots
the special features are also included in the film

Chocolate#B001L67A3M
A young girl learns to fight from watching TV and the fighters from the boxing school next door. When she finds a list of debtors in her ailing mother s diary, she sets upon a violent quest to collect payment for medical expenses. Her quest is a dangerous one that ultimately leads her to her father, a gang member of the Yakuza.
the movie is a little too long for a movie
if you want a good artist
the hero is a hero in the film

My Best Friend's Girl#B001L9EXSY
In the wildest sex comedy of the year, stand-up sensation Dave Cook is Tank Turner - the Romeo of raunch. Only Tank would charm a nice girl into hitting the town, then drag her to a strip club, insult her weight and ditch her with the bill. Tank is such a
i love the first two movies but i like the first one but i like
 i was happy to see it in the theater and i was happy with
this is a funny movie

Alice in Wonderland Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection  VHS#6300274268
Imaginatively rendered but slightly chilly, this 1951 Disney adaptation of the Lewis Carroll classic is also appropriately surreal. Alice (voiced by Kathryn Beaumont) has all the anticipated experiences: shrinking and growing, meeting the White Rabbit, having tea with the Mad Hatter, etc. Characterization is very strong, and the Disney team worked hard to bring screen personality to Carroll's eccentric creations. For a Disney film, however, it seems more the self-satisfied sum of its inventiveness than a truly engaging experience. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
i think this film is a great film
it 's a great movie
i have to say that this is a great edition to the dvd

Zack And Miri Make A Porno#B001LM6VV8
Kevin Smith directs this romantic comedy starring Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks as lifelong platonic friends and roommates Zack and Miri. Facing hard times and a mountain of debt, they seize upon the idea of making a homegrown adult film in order to ease their cashflow problems, and enlist the help of their friends to carry out their plan. The two vow that having sex will not ruin their friendship - but as filming begins, what started out as a straightforward business proposition between friends turns into something much more complicated.
it 's a great comedy that is n't that great
and it 's a great movie to watch
it was a little bit of acting and the acting was terrible

King Kong#B00005JO20
Academy Award-winning director Peter Jackson (The Lord of the Rings Trilogy) brings his sweeping cinematic vision to King Kong. Naomi Watts, Jack Black and Adrien Brody star in this spectacular film filled with heart-pounding action, terrifying creatures and groundbreaking special effects unlike anything you've seen before! Get ready for breathtaking action in this thrilling epic adventure about a legendary gorilla captured on a treacherous island and brought to civilization, where he faces the ultimate fight for survival. Experience the movie that critics are hailing as a "rousing, exciting cinematic adventure!" (Scott Mantz, Access Hollywood)
it is a tribute to the classic story of the film
it is a great story with a great character development
the film is very good

 Dr. Horrible&#39;s Sing-Along Blog#B001M5UDGS
<p class="MsoNormal">Neil Patrick Harris (<em>How I Met&nbsp;Your Mother</em>) stars as Billy,&nbsp;A.K.A. Dr. Horrible, a budding&nbsp;super-villain whose plans&nbsp;for world domination continually go awry. &nbsp;His two goals:&nbsp;getting accepted into the Evil League of Evil, and working up&nbsp;the guts to speak to his laundromat crush Penny, played by&nbsp;Felicia Day (<em>The Guild</em>). &nbsp; The only thing standing in his way is&nbsp;Captain Hammer, Billy's superhero arch-nemesis played by Nathan&nbsp;Fillion (<em>Firefly</em>). &nbsp;With one big score, Billy could get into the E.L.E. and&nbsp;earn the respect of Penny, but only if he can keep her away from the dashing&nbsp;Captain Hammer...<br />
but it 's a good family movie
but i watched it in the theater
but it 's a nice addition to the extra features

Repo The Genetic Opera#B001MT7ZEW
By fusing THE ROCKY HORROR PICTURE SHOW and BLADE RUNNER, this futuristic tale of horror modernizes the "rock opera" genre with original music and rich, dark production design.
 the movie is a little too long , but it 's not a bad
but i do n't think this film is a great film
with a great cast

The Pink Panther 2#B001NPD9R2
Steve Martin returns to the scene of the fun as the brilliant, bumbling Inspector Jacques Clouseau in this side-splitting slapstick comedy for the whole family! When legendary treasures from around the world are stolen, including the priceless Pink Panthe
the cast is also one of the best performances of the year
the animation is one of the best and most of the most recent films i
i was able to watch it in the theatre and it was n't as good

2012#B001OQCV2E
From Roland Emmerich, director of THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW and INDEPENDENCE DAY, comes the ultimate action-adventure film, exploding with groundbreaking special effects. As the world faces a catastrophe of apocalyptic proportions, cities collapse and continents crumble. 2012 brings an end to the world and tells of the heroic struggle of the survivors. Starring John Cusack, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Amanda Peet, Woody Harrelson and Danny Glover.
good acting
and the negative reviews are
but she 's a great boyfriend

Phantasm 2 VHS#6301179544
VHS NOT in original case but clear plastic case with light scratches.  One clip broken off of case.  X-Rental, video store label (water stained) with movie title on side of case and VHS tape.  Sticker backing left on side of VHS tape and small stain on label of VHS.
i liked this movie and it was great
and twists and turns in the film
the sequel is a good sequel

Halloween 4 VHS#630130053X
Ten years after his original massacre, the invalid Michael Myers awakens and returns to Haddonfield to kill his seven-year-old niece on Halloween. Can Dr. Loomis stop him?
the hero is a good guy
this is a good horror movie
the dvd is a good transfer

Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties#B00005JP09
MIRROR-IMAGE IN PRINCE, AN ARISTOCRATIC KITTY WHO HAS INHERITEDWHEN GARFIELD, JON & ODIE TRAVEL TO LONDON, GARFIELD MEETS HISA FABULOUS CASTLE. THE TWO TRADE PLACES & SOON GARFIELD ISWHEN GARFIELD, JON & ODIE TRAVEL TO LONDON, GARFIELD MEETS HISLIVING LAS AS ONLY HE CAN! THERE'S JUST ONE PROBLEM: THEWHEN GARFIELD, JON & ODIE TRAVEL TO LONDON, GARFIELD MEETS HISDASTARDLY LORD DARGIS WANTS HIM OUT OF THE PICTURE!
the humor is funny
it is a good film
it 's a sequel to the original

Beaches VHS#6301398912
They met on a beach when they were very young, brassy C.C. Bloom (Bette Midler) and classy Hillary Whitney (Barbara Hershey). Through good times and bad times, through broken marriages and budding careers, they still had each other. And together, they would face their greatest challenge ... as only best friends could. Hershey is splendid, and Midler will astound you all over again with her comedic and musical talents in this critically acclaimed box office smash. BEACHES glows with warmth, humor, and tenderness.... This is one friendship you'll enjoy every minute of.
 i 'm not sure it 's not a big fan of my favorite .
the cast is great
it is a sweet and sweet tale of a young boy

Astro Boy#B001PR0Y7Q
et in futuristic Metro City, Astro Boy is about a young robot with incredible powers created by a brilliant scientist in the image of the son he has lost. Unable to fulfill the grieving man's expectations, our hero embarks on a journey in search of acceptance, experiencing betrayal and a netherworld of robot gladiators, before he returns to save Metro City and reconcile with the father who had rejected him.
i 've watched it several times
it turns out to be a good family film
a good tale of a young boy

Say Anything VHS#6301412761
In this charming critically-acclaimed tale of first love, Lloyd (John Cusack), an eternal optimist, seeks to capture the heart of Diane, an unattainable high school beauty and straight-A student (Ione Skye). He surprises just about everyone-including himself-when she returns the sentiment. But Diane's over-possessive, divorced Dad (John Mahoney) doesn't approve and it's going to take more than just the power of love to conquer all.
who gives a great performance
the extras are great
this movie is a great movie

 Bride Wars (Three-Disc Set) [Blu-ray]#B001QOGY4U
<b>Genre</b><br>Romance/Comedy<br><br> <b>Summary</b><br>Since the time they were little girls, best friends Liv (Kate Hudson) and Emma (Anne Hathaway) have been planning every aspect of their future weddings, including choosing the same destination: New York's famed Plaza Hotel. But when a clerical error causes a clash in wedding dates, Liv and Kate discover their inner demons -- with their lifelong friendship as a possible casualty. <br>
it 's a great film to watch
i love this movie and i love it
both actresses are not in their roles

The Lovely Bones#B001QOGYAO
Susie Salmon, a young girl who has been murdered, watches over her family - and her killer - from heaven. She must weigh her desire for vengeance against her desire for her family to heal.
the actors are great and the acting is superb
the plot was good
it is a good suspense

Out of the Past VHS#6301491920
Former private detective Jeff Bailey is trying to live a quiet life, but his past comes back to haunt him. He was once hired by a gambler to find his runaway girlfriend, Kathy. Jeff traced her to Mexico and fell in love. She lured him into double-crossing the gambler, but it was really Jeff who got double-crossed. Years later, Jeff's quiet life is once again shattered as his old criminal associates descend on him. Now he's in deep trouble - someone is trying to frame him for murder.
and the touches are interesting
with a great photography and beautiful photography
this film is a great film

Fantastic Mr. Fox#B001QOGYBI
George Clooney and Meryl Streep lend their voices to this hilarious and heartwarming animated adventure from visionary director Wes Anderson. Mr. and Mrs. Fox (Clooney and Streep) live a happy home life with their eccentric son Ash (Jason Schwartzman) and visiting nephew Kristopherson. That is until Mr. Fox slips into his sneaky, old ways and plots the greatest chicken heist the animal world has ever seen. Based on the beloved, best-selling book by Roald Dahl (Charlie and the Chocolate Factory), Fantastic Mr. Fox is family fun at its finest.
it was a great family movie
the soundtrack is great
and i 'm sure that the film makers did n't seem to be a bit

Dragon Hunters#B001U3D88M
Zoe is a little girl who believes in fairy tales. In order to help her uncle Lord Arnold get rid of a terrible dragon, Zoe decides she has to find some heroes. When she meets Gwizdo and Lian-Chu, a couple of two-bit, fly-by-night dragon hunters, she decides that she s going to believe in them and set out on an adventure to bring peace to the land.
it was a good movie to watch
the ending is a little too much to watch
well worth watching

Spider-Man 3#B00005JPFH
Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire) finally has the girl of his dreams, Mary Jane Watson (Kirsten Dunst), and New York City is in the throes of Spider-mania! But when a strange alien symbiote turns Spider-Man's suit black, his darkest demons come to light - changing Spider-Man inside as well as out. Spider-Man is in for the fight of his life against a lethal mix of villains - the deadly Sandman (Thomas Haden Church), Venom (Topher Grace), and the New Goblin (James Franco) - as well as the enemy within himself.
the special edition of the movie is a great improvement over the special edition
the characters are fun and the characters are very good
the action sequences are pretty good

The Hangover - UNRATED#B001UV4XEM
They planned a Vegas bachelor party that they would never forget. Now they really need to remember what exactly went down! A baby? A tiger? Why is one of them missing a tooth? And most of all, where is the groom?! What the guys did while partying can't compare to what they must do sober in an outrageous caper that has them piecing together all their bad decisions from the night before-- one hazy clue at a time. Director Todd Phillips (<em>Old School</em>) and an all-aces comedy cast tie one on... big time!
this film is a cult classic that you can see
there are some funny moments
but it 's a good comedy

HP7: Deathly Hallows, P2 (DVD)#B001UV4XIS
In the epic finale, the battle between the good and evil forces of the wizarding world escalates into an all-out war. The stakes have never been higher and no one is safe. But it is Harry who may be called upon to make the ultimate sacrifice as he draws closer to the climactic showdown with Lord Voldemort. It all ends here.
it 's a great drama
i liked the ending
 i was very happy to see it .

Trick Or Treat VHS#630165191X
*1st Lorimar Release with Original Soundtrack!* Former Rental, Artwork Trimmed to Fit Small Rental Clamshell! *OOP ON DVD!* Rare, OOP, and HTF! Ships IMMEDIATELY via USPS!
the movie is a good movie for kids
i have to say that i have to say that i was a big fan
a great movie

Planet of the Apes VHS#6301661729
Charlton Heston and Roddy McDowall star in this legendary science fiction masterpiece. Astronaut Taylor (Heston) crash lands on a distant planet ruled by apes who use a primitive race of humans for experimentation and sport. Soon Taylor finds himself among the hunted, his life in the hands of a benevolent chimpanzee scientist (McDowall).
it 's worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your collection
the dialogue is very good
 the movie is a prequel to the classic .

Castle: Season 1#B001XRLWPQ
They are partners, whether she likes it or not. Castle: The Complete First Season is the romantic, clever dramedy that is reminiscent of Moonlighting with romantic tension between Castle, a crime novelist and Detective Beckett as they work in a unique way to solve crimes and mysteries.<br><br>Bonus Feautres Include: Hardboiled: Genesis of the show, Chemistrry: Experience Nathan and Stana's chemistry on and off the screen, bloopers, deleted scenes, commentaries
i am a fan of the first season
 the series is a must see for any fan of the series , but
 i love the movies .

 Away We Go#B0021L8UOY
John Krasinski (The Office) and Maya Rudolph (Saturday Night Live) star in the heartfelt film that explores the comedic twists and turns in one couples journey across contemporary America. Anticipating the birth of their first child, longtime couple Burt (Krasinski) and Verona (Rudolph) embark on an ambitious itinerary to visit friends and family in order to find their perfect home. Featuring a remarkable soundtrack and an incredible ensemble cast  including Jeff Daniels, Allison Janney, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Catherine OHara and Jim Gaffigan. Its the hilarious, witty film that critics are hailing as absolutely extraordinary! (Peter Travers, Rolling Stone)
the plot is very good
but it 's still a big screen
but the film is a little too long

Did You Hear About the Morgans?#B0021L8UZS
Hugh Grant and Sara Jessica Parker star in this delightful comedy about finding love in the most unexpected places. Two successful New Yorkers, Paul (Grant) and Meryl (Parker), are at their wits end with repairing their strained marriage. But when they become the only witnesses to a brutal murder, the police hide them away in Wyoming  together. Now these die-hard city dwellers will have to survive the weather, bears, fresh air, and forced time with one another if they want to make it out alive.
the scripts are not bad
this movie is not a bad movie
this is one of the best movies i 've seen in a long time

Star Wars - Episode IV, A New Hope VHS#6301773551
Guaranteed to work or your money back - PLEASE NOTE ALL MONIES FROM THIS SALE GO TO A 501 (C)3 NO KILL ANIMAL SHELTER
i think this film is a great film
i watched it in the theater and it was a little too long
this is a great entertainment

Legion#B0021L8V34
At a remote desert truck stop, the fate of the world will be decided. Evil's armies are amassing. Armed and united by the Archangel Michael (Paul Bettany), a group of strangers become unwitting soldiers on the frontlines of the Apocalypse. Their mission: protect a waitress and her sacred unborn child from the relentless, bloody siege of the demonic legion. Also starring Dennis Quaid (G.I. JOE: THE RISE OF THE COBRA, VANTAGE POINT), Tyrese Gibson (TRANSFORMERS) and Lucas Black (JARHEAD).
the characters are very good
the movie is very good
 i am a fan of the movies .

Education Of Charlie Banks#B0024HH2WG
The Education of Charlie Banks, which marks the directorial debut of Limp Bizkit's front-man Fred Durst, is a riveting tale about college students learning to deal with life, love, and ultimately facing their fears. This coming-of-age drama spans from the playgrounds of Greenwich Village to the idyllic greens of Vassar College.
i watched it in the theater and it was n't quite a bit too much
the actors are great and the actors are great
it 's a good script and a good script

Sorority Row#B00275EHDM
When five sorority girls inadvertently cause the murder of one of their sisters in a prank gone wrong, they agree to keep the matter to themselves and never speak of it again, so they can get on with their lives. This proves easier said than done, when after graduation a mysterious killer goes after the five of them and anyone who knows their secret.
it 's a good horror movie
but the special features are very good
the young boy in the film is a young boy

Saw VI#B00275EHFU
Special Agent Strahm is dead, and Detective Hoffman has emerged as the unchallenged successor to Jigsaw's legacy. However, when the FBI draws closer to Hoffman, he is forced to set a game into motion, and Jigsaw's grand scheme is finally understood.
this is a great franchise
i liked the ending
i had to say that this was a great movie

High Anxiety VHS#6301797973
Mel Brooks' renowned spoof of the most famous Hitchcockian classics-"Vertigo," "The Birds," "Psycho" and "Spellbound"-is one of his most outrageous comedy classics. After a Harvard psychiatrist (Brooks) takes over the Psycho-Neurotic Institute for the Very, Very Nervous, he realizes his predecessor died under suspicious circumstances. When events take a murderous turn, he is accused of the crime and left with a full blown case of High Anxiety. Madeline Kahn, Harvey Korman and Cloris Leachman co-star in this hilarious parody.
one of the best comedies ever made
this film is a must see for anyone who has a lot of money and
the dvd has some great special features

Toy Story 3#B00275EHJG
The creative minds behind Disney&bull;Pixar's groundbreaking animated blockbusters invites you back inside the Toys' delightful world for a heartwarming and hilarious Hi-Definition movie experience you'll never forget. All the original voice talent returns (including Tom Hanks and Tim Allen) plus new talent including Michael Keaton as Ken and Ned Beatty as Lots-O'-Huggin' Bear. It's "the biggest, best, most exciting Toy Story of them all," raves Access Hollywood.
the best moment in the film is the best
but i 'm sure they are all the other entries in this film
the animation is good and the story is very good

History of the World Part 1 VHS#630179799X
Mel Brooks's 1981, three-part comedy--set in the Stone Age, the Roman Empire, and the French Revolution--is pure guilty pleasure. Narrated by Orson Welles and featuring a lot of famous faces in guest appearances (beyond the official cast), the film opens well with Sid Caesar playing a caveman, then moves along to the unlikely but somehow hilarious juxtaposition of Caesar's soldiers (the other Caesar, not Sid) with pot humor, and ends on a dumb-funny note in the French bloodbath. This is a take-it-or-leave-it movie, and it works best if you're in a take-it-or-leave-it mood. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
one of the best movies i have ever seen
 it is a very funny story .
 it 's a shame that it 's a lot of fun .

Terror Train VHS#630179821X
Former rental Tape in good condition,has some discoloring from age has small sticker shadow on side. The box has sligh edge wear. In Good shape. Penny size sticker shadow on front and side
i 'm not sure why i 'm a big star of the actors
if you like horror movies
it is a good horror film

The Girlfriend Experience#B0027BOL46
Chelsea (Adult Film Star Sasha Grey in her mainstream film debut), a $2,OOO-an-hour Manhattan call girl, offers more than sex to her clients; it's her companionship and conversation that provides her customers with the complete girlfriend experience. Chelsea thinks she has her life totally under control, but when you're in the business of meeting people, control can be easily manipulated.
it 's a great film
there is a lot of nudity in this movie
i am a big fan of the video game

The Invasion#B00005JPUN
Something terrifying has come to Earth, something that attacks us while we sleep and turns us into soulless replicants. The clock is ticking as Washington, DC psychiatrist Carol Bennell (Nicole Kidman) and her colleague Ben Driscoll (Daniel Craig) embark on a heart-stopping journey into a nightmarish world where the only way to stay alive is to stay awake. No one can be trusted. No one is safe in producer Joel Silver's bold new take on Jack Finney's classic novel <i>The Body Snatchers</i>.
the aliens are a little bit of the aliens and the aliens are not in
not a bad movie
there are some very funny moments

Doctor Who - The Five Doctors VHS#6301801288
From the original Doctor Who series. The one and only story that involved the first 5 incarnations of The Doctor. And his worst enemy, The Master. In a big twist, it falls to The Master to rescue The Five Doctors and their planet, Gallifrey.
and a great movie
the dvd extras are great
 i love the first one , but i have to say that i 'm

Wizards VHS#6301801709
The gifted imagination of master animator Ralph Bakshi triumphs in this futuristic fantasy that depicts a battle between magic and technology.
the two survivors are in the same way
i 'm not sure that i 'm sure i 'm a big fan of animation
i watched this movie in the theater and i 'm glad i got it

Duplicity#B0029RVZGA
Oscar winner Julia Roberts and Clive Owen star as two sexy spies-turned-corporate operatives in the midst of a clandestine love affair. When they find themselves on either side of an all-out corporate war, they'll put everything on the line to remain one double-cross ahead in a high-stakes game of cat-and-mouse. From writer/director Tony Gilroy (seven-time Oscar-nominated Michael Clayton) comes the film critics are raving about: Roberts and Owen have sizzling chemistry in this instant classic. (Lou Lumenick, New York Post)
it has a great cast
 it was not as good as the director and the story line .
the rest of the cast is excellent

Life Is Hot In Cracktown#B002AT4JOM
Based on the 1993 best-selling novel by Buddy Giovinazzo, LIFE IS HOT IN CRACKTOWN shows the gritty, hard realities of a neighborhood, as well as thestruggling, proud people who attempt to survive. The intertwining stories come together in a powerful climax of love and salvation, showing that despite the obstacles of life in the inner-city, humanity and hope can still prevail.
but not a good movie
but it 's a very good comedy
but it 's a sad moment in the film

The Spiderwick Chronicles Field Guide Edition#B00005JPXS
From the beloved best-selling series of books comes an extraordinary fantasy adventure revealing the unseen world that exists all around us. From the moment the Grace family moves into a secluded old house peculiar things start to happen. Unable to explain the accidents and strange disappearances the Grace children Jared Simon and Mallory start to investigate and find the unbelievable truth of the Spiderwick Estate and the amazing creatures that inhabit it.System Requirements:Running Time: 101 minutesFormat: DVD MOVIE Genre:&nbsp;CHILDREN/FAMILY Rating:&nbsp;PG UPC:&nbsp;097361326047 Manufacturer No:&nbsp;132604
i think this is a good horror film
if you like the big laughs
the storyline is great and the story is very well done and the storyline is

The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1#B002BWP49C
In the highly anticipated fourth installment of The Twilight Saga, a marriage, honeymoon and the birth of a child bring unforeseen and shocking developments for Bella (Kristen Stewart) and Edward (Robert Pattinson) and those they love, including new complications with werewolf Jacob Black (Taylor Lautner). <br><br>Special Features: <br>Go behind the scenes with a captivating 6-PART MAKING-OF DOCUMENTARY; relive the memories with Edward & Bella's personal WEDDING VIDEO; get a glimpse into JACOB'S DESTINY; watch your favorite scenes over and over in EDWARD FAST FORWARD and JACOB FAST FORWARD; plus an AUDIO COMMENTARY with Director Bill Condon
 i am not sure why i have to say that this is a very
and freaks out
 i was a little disappointed in the end .

The White Ribbon#B002BWP4A6
On the eve of World War I, strange accidents in a small Protestant village in Northern Germany involve the children and teenagers of a choir run by the schoolteacher and their families. The abused and suppressed children of the villagers seem to be at the heart of this mystery as these events gradually take on the character of a punishment ritual.
the film is a little more interesting in the film
the photography is beautiful and the photography is beautiful
the cinematography is beautiful and the cinematography is excellent

Obsessed#B002CAWNDS
When successful financial advisor Derek Charles (Idris Elba) settles into a new Los Angeles neighborhood with his loving wife Sharon(Beyonce Knowles) and young son Kyle, everything seems perfect. But when a beautiful temp, Lisa (Ali Larter), joins the firm, Derek's life takes a strange turn. After a misunderstood encounter at the company holiday party, Lisa begins to spiral out of control - putting Derek's career in jeopardy and Sharon's marriage and life on the line.
the characters are very good
it 's a good action flick
this movie was so bad that i was not sure what i expected

The Adventures of Ford Fairlane VHS#6301888898
The fast-paced and often seamy world of rock 'n' roll is his beat, but even detective Ford Fairlane (Andrew Dice Clay) is stunned when the king of shock-jocks, Johnny Crunch (Gilbert Gottfried), is electrocuted on the air. After all, Crunch was his only paying client! Crunch had hired Ford to track down a mysterious teenage groupie name Zuzu Petals - a search which quickly finds Ford tangled up, and trading insults, with a ruthless record executive (Wayne Newton) and merciless hit man (Robert Englund).
he is sucked into a movie that is just as good as the movie
and the production values are excellent and the production values are very good
it 's funny moments

Crossfire Trail#B00005JXI9
A restless wanderer makes a promise to a dying friend to help the man's widow and daughter hold onto their ranch in the lush but lawless Wyoming Territory. But when oil is discovered on the land, the unsuspecting hero must contend not only with the two women who are suspicious of his motives, but also with ruthless men plotting to seize the ranch. Based on the novel by Louis L'Amour.
one of the best character ever
 the best part of the movie is the best of the trilogy .
 i was a big fan of the movie .

The Last House on the Left#B002DKGWSE
Renowned horror director Wes Craven returns to the scene of the most notorious thrillers of all time in this darkly disturbing reimagining of The Last House on the Left. After kidnapping and ruthlessly assaulting two teen girls, a sadistic killer and his gang unknowingly find shelter from a storm at the home of one of the victim's parents-- two ordinary people who will go to increasingly gruesome extremes to get revenge. Loaded with shocking twists guaranteed to leave you on edge, it's the ominous film critics call, "One of the best horror remakes ever made" (Scott Weinberg, Fearnet.com).
this movie was pretty good
i 've seen many films in the future
the movie is a classic in the 70s

Battle for Terra#B002FVPFU2
When the peaceful inhabitants of the beautiful planet Terra come under attack from the last surviving members of humanity adrift in an aging spaceship, the stage is set for an all-out war between the two species for control of the planet. But will an unlikely friendship between a rebellious young Terrian (voiced by Evan Rachel Wood) and an injured human pilot (Luke Wilson) somehow convince their leaders that war is not the answer?
there are some good moments
i 'm a big fan of the aliens
in the same way of the villains

Battlestar Galactica: The Plan#B002HRF68A
The Cylons began as humanity's robot servants. They rebelled and evolved and now they look like us. Their plan is simple: destroy the race that enslaved them. But when their devastating attack leaves human survivors, the Cylons have to improvise. Battlestar Galactica: The Plan tells the story of two powerful Cylon leaders, working separately, and their determination to finish the task.
but it is a great storytelling that is not worth the price of admission
but the action scenes are very good
 it 's a good action film .

3000 Miles to Graceland#B00005LDDB
ELVIS HAS LEFT THE BUILDING, WITH $3.2 MILLION IN STOLEN JACK.PARTICIPANTS IN A LAS VEGAS INTERNATIONAL ELVIS WEEK PULL OFF A DARING CASINO HEIST, THEN MUST CONFRONT THEIR WORST ENEMY:EACH OTHER. SPECIAL FEATURES: ORIGINAL THEATRICAL TRAILER,CAST/FILMMAKER CAREER HIGHLIGHTS AND MUCH MORE.
the film is a little too long
the film is a little too long for a film
the main character is a bad guy

Miller's Crossing VHS#6301963717
Leo is the benevolent Irish gangster and political boss who rules an Easter city with the help of Tom, his trusted lieutenant and counselor. But their control of the town is challenged by an over-reaching Italian underboss and his ruthless henchman. Just as this threat erupts, Leo and Tom have a falling out over the same woman. Tom, caught in the jaws of a gangland violent outcome.
and the shots are good
the plot is very good
it 's a great film with a great cast and great actors

Predator 2 VHS#6301963725
Los Angeles is enduring a heat wave and a crime wave, so the pressure on police officer Michael Harrigan (Danny Glover) to solve a strange string of murders is mounting. Harrigan thinks the culprit can be found among the warring gangs and drug cartels, but FBI Special Agent Peter Keyes (Gary Busey) knows the horrible truth: Their killer is a fearsome extraterrestrial (Kevin Peter Hall) with keen hunting abilities that include superior night vision and the power to make itself invisible.
and the fans of the film is n't as good as the original
but it is a great transfer
 it 's a lot of action and a good action movie .

 Stan Helsing#B002IT5GDC
Forget Freddy vs. Jason, weve got Pinhead, Freddy Krueger, Michael Myers, Jason Voorhees, Leatherface, and Chucky Versus Stan Helsing! When a small town is threatened by classic horror villains of Halloween, its up to video store clerk Stan Helsing to apply his movie knowledge to save the town, get the girl, and prove that a hero can be found in the most unlikely places.
i was n't expecting a bad movie to watch
this is a very funny and funny movie with a lot of funny moments
the actors are pretty good

Amores Perros#B00005N8A9
Vanessa Bauche, Gael Garcia, Goya Toledo. A car crash draws the very different lives of three Mexico City inhabitants into a strange and dangerous triangle in this acclaimed drama from director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu. 2000/color/153 min/R/Spanish/widescreen.
i have to say that i have to say that i have to say that
the screenplay is beautiful and the cinematography is excellent
the chase scenes in the film are a little slow moving

Bruiser#B00005NQGM
A pansy wakes up one morning and finds that his identity has been wiped clean. He sets out to establish a new, more confrontational identity on his clean slate.
i 'm not sure i am a big fan of the original but it was
 it 's not a bad film , but it 's a little too much
 it 's a good story , and a good story .

Freddy Got Fingered#B00005NTOH
When 28-year old wannabe animator Gord Brody (Green) leaves the safety of his parents' home to make it big in Hollywood, all hell breaks loose... in hospital rooms, with paraplegic nymphos, in a cheese factory, with farm animals... and much more! Just whe
i thought this was a good comedy
this movie is not a bad movie
the animation is not bad

Horseman, the anglais#B002N7HXJ4
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
there are some good moments in the movie
this movie is a good movie
i saw this movie in the theater and i am a big fan of the

Songcatcher#B00005O0SO
When musicologist Doctor Lily Penleric (Janet McTeer) is passed over for a prominent teaching position, she leaves the city to visit her sister in the beautifully rugged mountains of Appalachia. It is here she discovers a wellspring of emotional tunes passed down from the original Irish and Scottish immigrants who settled in these parts. Determined to document the history of the songs, she immerses herself in mountain life, falls in love with a local musician, Aidan Quinn, and is profoundly changed by the generosity, strength, and freedom of the fiercely proud mountain people.
romance and romance in the film
the storyline is great
the directing is superb and the acting is superb

Legally Blonde#B00005O5CM
When a blonde sorority queen is dumped by her boyfriend, she decides to follow him to law school to get him back and, once there, learns she has more legal savvy than she ever imagined.
this movie is a good comedy that is n't funny
this movie is a little too long
sandra bullock is a great actress and she is a great actress

The Fountainhead VHS#6301969294
Based on the novel by philosopher Ayn Rand, this is the story of architect Howard Roark. An idealist, Roark believes he can balance his values with the needs of society. His mentor disagrees - encouraging him to compromise his integrity rather than suffer for his artistic goals.
the characters are very believable and the characters are very believable
the screenplay is excellent and the script is excellent
but this is a very good film

Bruno#B002P7UCJ0
Oscar nominee and Golden Globe winner Sacha Baron Cohen (Borat, Da Ali G Show and Talladega Nights) brings you the comedy that has started more conversations, generated more controversy and dared to go further than ever before! As brno travels the world in search of fame, everyone he encounters  celebrities, politicians, Hasidic Jews, terrorists and cage fighters  becomes a stepping-stone to stardom, with hilarious results! So prepare yourself for nonstop laughs in the film Peter Travers of Rolling Stone says should be Numero uno on your funny-time list!
i think it 's a comedy that is worth watching
but it 's a lot of laughs in this film
 i 'm sure i 'm a big fan of this film , but i

Thou Shalt Laugh 4#B002Q8W2W8
Having sold close to a half a million DVD's, the THOU SHALT LAUGH series is known far and wide for hilarious and sophisticated family entertainment. And now - you lucky consumer you - comes THOU SHALT LAUGH 4, the latest installment in the best-selling Christian comedy series. Hosted by multi-talented and Emmy award-winning family man John Tesh, THOU SHALT LAUGH 4 features returning fan-favorites Taylor Mason and Michael Jr. as well as unforgettable performances from TSL newcomers Dana Daniels, Isaac Witty, Rex Havens and Joe Wong. Looking for funny? Your prayers have been answered!
i 'm glad i got the first one of the first two movies
i rented this one
but i 'm not sure the special features

The Mists of Avalon#B00005QW5Y
The King is dead, long live the King, but who will it be? The answer is found on the battlefields and in the mystical and powerful manipulations of fate emanating from the women of the legendary isle of Avalon in this intrigue-filled retelling of the King Arthur/Camelot legend. Starring Julianna Margulies, Anjelica Huston, Joan Allen, Caroline Goodall, Edward Atterton, and Samantha Mathis.
but it was a great movie
it 's a great film
it is a great start to the end

Pandorum#B002QW7AJY
When two men emerge from a deep sleep in the middle of space, they discover that they have no memories of who they are and where they're going. But their memory loss pales in comparison to the problem of the murderous warriors on board their ship who don't want to leave anyone alive.
i think the actor is good
it 's a good suspense
this is a good movie

 Justice League#B002R0ELCY
In a parallel Earth ruled by the Crime Syndicate, the Justice League must fight their evil doppelgangers in a battle that would be dead even, except that their malicious counterparts are willing to do the one thing Batman and Superman never would: kill.
a big screen
a super hero who is a hero who is not a hero
i watched it twice in the theater and i was n't sure how much i

Creation anglais#B002T5QM42
Real-life couple Paul Bettany and Jennifer Connelly star as Charles Darwin and his wife in this biographical drama. Set before the publication of "On The Origin Of Species", 'Creation' finds Darwin grieving over the death of his daughter and feeling far away from his wife.
i 'm happy to see the negative reviews
with a lot of great scenes
the movie is one of the best of the best in the history of the

Queer as Folk: Season 1#B00005RIY5
A group of gay friends, men and women, live out their day-to-day lives in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. A groundbreaking series set in a work-a-day blue-collar world, "Queer As Folk" is the first TV drama that treats gay people simply as real people. Contains 22 episodes.
i have to say that this is a good season
to the actors in the film
the film is a little too much for the viewers

 Jennifer&#39;s Body [Blu-ray]#B002USF1VS
When a gorgeous cheerleader is possessed by a demon and starts feeding off the boys in a small Minnesota farming town, her "plain Jane" best friend must kill her, then escape from a correctional facility to go after the Satan-worshipping rock band responsible for the horrible transformation.
the performances are good and the performances are very good
it 's not a bad thing and i have to watch it in the theatre
it is a good movie to watch

Lagaan: Once Upon a Time in India#B00005U0JX
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
the movie is a great family movie that is very entertaining and very entertaining
it was a great suspense
the best actress in the film

Thirteen Ghosts#B00005UQ9W
A family inherits an elegant steel-and-glass mansion from a deceased relative. The catch is that along with the house comes a slew of ghosts that can be seen only through special goggles.
 the only reason i have seen this film , it 's a shame that
the cast is very good
this movie is n't bad

Joy Ride#B00005UV34
It's all fun and games whene two brothers (Paul Walker and Steve Zahn) take off cross-country to bring home a pretty college friend (Leelee Sobieski). But the jokes end when a prank backfires and they find themselves stalked by a vengeful trucker who won't give up his relentless chase until somebody pays with their life.
the actors are great and the story is very good
this movie is a great movie
it 's worth watching

Donnie Darko#B00005V3Z4
In the tradition of Urban Legends and Final Destination, Donnie Darko is an edgy, psychological thriller about a suburban teen coming face-to-face wit his dark destiny. Jake Gyllenhaal leads a star-filled cast (including Drew Barrymore, Noah Wyle, Jena Malone, Patrick Swayze and Mary McDonnell) as a delusional high-school student visited by a demonic rabbit with eerie visions of the past - and deadly predictions for the future. This "excitingly original" (Entertainment Weekly) nail-biter will keep you on the edge of your seat until the mind-bending climax.
the special features are also very good
this movie is very good
it 's one of the best directors of the year

Bandits#B00005V4XW
Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton, Cate Blanchett. The famed Sleepover Bandits" get a new partner in a housewife who they initially took as a hostage. 2001/color/123 min/PG-13/widescreen.
and it is still worth owning
it is worth viewing
the humor is so funny and the plot is n't enough to make a movie

Shaolin Soccer#B00005Y7GQ
A young Shaolin follower reunites with his discouraged brothers to form a soccer team using their martial art skills to their advantage.
with some good visuals
i watched this movie when i was a kid
this movie is a great movie

Street Trash VHS#6302036941
When a liquor store owner finds a case of "Viper" in his cellar, he decides to sell it to the local hobos at one dollar a bottle, unaware of its true properties. The drinks causes its consumers to melt, very messily. Two homeless lads find themselves up against the effects of the toxic brew, as well as going head to head with "Bronson" a Vietnam vet with sociopathic tendencies, and the owner of the junkyard they live in. Film based on Akira Kurosawa's "Dodes-ka-den".
the best of the last few years of the movie
i think the budget was low budget
the best director of the film

Monster's Ball#B00005YU1M
A hard-hitting Southern drama tempered by a story of powerful, life-changing love. Hank (Academy Award Winner - Billy Bob Thornton) is an embittered prison guard working on Death Row who begins an unlikely, but emotionally charged affair with Leticia (Academy Award Winner Halle Berry), the wife of a man under his watch on The Row.
this is a very good flick
the performances are excellent
it is a very good ending

The Last Airbender#B002VPE1BQ
Experience the thrilling live-action adventure based on the hit Nickelodeon series <em>Avatar: The Last Airbender</em>. Join Aang, an extraordinary boy with incredible &ldquo;bending&rdquo; powers, as he journeys through an exotic land filled with magical creatures and powerful friends. As the Avatar, he is the only one who can end the age-old conflict between the four nations: Air, Water, Earth and Fire. An inspirational journey, <em>The Last Airbender</em> is exciting entertainment for the entire family!
and the movie suck me into the story
the storytelling is great
i think the actors are all good

The X-Files - The Complete Fifth Season#B000060OFU
This collection documents all the truth that was out there during the 1997-8 campaign of the beloved science fiction series, THE X-FILES. Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) and Dana Scully (Gilian Anderson) track suspicious cases that may be attributed to the supernatural or involve interplanetary activity. Memorable moments from this season include Mulder's appearance on Jerry Springer's talk show and Scully working with her partner to fake Mulder's death. Episodes include "Foiie a Deux," "Chinga," "Kill Switch," "Redux," and "Bad Blood," a favorite episode among fans dealing with vampirism.
but it 's worth a purchase
the first season of the show is a good one
the humor is very good and the humor is very good

Cabin Fever 2: Spring Fever#B002YI9304
CABIN FEVER delivered terror in the flesh, but now your flesh will crawl with CABIN FEVER 2: SPRING FEVER, the bloodcurdling sequel to the hit horror film. Days after a killer virus consumed his friends, Paul emerges from a ditch by a river. Though his body has been ravaged by the virus, he is determined to survive and to warn others of the danger. However, a water bottling plant has already distributed contaminated water to the local high school. The schools students are excitedly preparing for the prom, unaware theyre about to have a grisly date with death.
the sequel is a good sequel to the original
 i was not sure how much i liked this movie .
the film has some very funny moments

24: Season 8#B002ZCY7SW
Hang on for the adrenaline rush of a lifetime as Jack Bauer (Keifer Sutherland) unveils darker secrets, faces deadlier conspiracies, and is thrust into more extreme action than ever before in Season 8 of <em>24</em>! As Day Eight unfolds, Bauer races against the clock to prevent the assassination of a Middle Eastern leader on a vital peace-making mission. Meanwhile, a deadly terrorist threat against New York City intensifies and builds towards an explosive climax. &nbsp;Relive the electrifying final season of TV's most groundbreaking series ever, including a surprise ending you simply must see.</span>
and the last two seasons of the series are very good
the episodes are all the episodes in the series
the first season is a little too long

Star Trek The Next Generation - The Complete Second Season#B000062XFG
22 episodes on 6 discs: The Child, Where Silence Has Lease, Elementary Dear Data, The Outrageous Okona, Loud as a Whisper, The Schizoid Man, Unnatural Selection, A Matter of Honor, The Measure of a Man, The Dauphin, Contagion, The Royale, Time Squared, The Icarus Factor, Pen Pals, Q Who?, Samaritan Snare, Up the Long Ladder, Manhunt, The Emissary, Peak Performance, Shades of Gray.
the first season is worth watching
i watched the first season and i have to admit that i was not sure
the second season is a good show

Home Alone VHS#6302091632
Eight-year-old Kevin McCallister (Macaulay Culkin) has become the man of the house, overnight! Accidentally left behind when his family rushes off on a Christmas vacation, Kevin gets busy decorating the house for the holidays. But he's not decking the halls with tinsel and holly. Two bumbling burglars are trying to break in, and Kevin's rigging a bewildering battery of booby traps to welcome them!
this is a great family movie
this is one of the best comedies ever
and i 'm a big fan of the old movies

Love Happens#B002ZFEQ76
Jennifer Aniston and Aaron Eckhart star in the romantic drama Love Happens. When self-help author Dr. Burke Ryan (Eckhart) arrives in Seattle to teach a sold-out seminar, he unexpectedly meets florist Eloise Chandler (Aniston), the one person who might be able to help him help himself. But will two people who may have met the right person at exactly the wrong time be able to give love a chance? If they can, theyll find that sometimes, when you least expect itlove happens.
and the rest of the cast is excellent
 it was very good .
i 'm not a big fan of the film

Hamlet VHS#6302096243
Franco Zeffirelli's stripped-down, two-hour version of Shakespeare's play stars Mel Gibson as a rather robust version of the ambivalent Danish prince. Gibson is much better in the part than many critics have admitted, his powers of clarity doing much to make this particular <i>Hamlet</i> more accessible than several other filmed versions. The supporting cast is outstanding, including Glenn Close as Gertrude, Alan Bates as Claudius, Ian Holm as Polonius, and Helena Bonham Carter as Ophelia. Zeffirelli's vigorous direction employs a lively camera style that nicely alters the viewer's preconceptions about the way <i>Hamlet</i> should look. <i>--Tom Keogh</i>
the film is a powerful and dramatic tension
the actors are great
it 's a big screen

Beastly#B002ZG975Q
Seventeen-year-old Kyle (Alex Pettyfer) is the spoiled, shallow and incredibly popular prince of his high school kingdom. Kyle foolishly chooses Kendra (Mary-Kate Olsen), a witch masquerading as a high school student, as his latest target for humiliation. In order to teach Kyle a lesson, Kendra transforms him into someone as unattractive on the outside as he is on the inside. Now he has one year to find someone to love him, or he will remain Beastly forever. A quiet classmate he never noticed named Lindy (Vanessa Hudgens) may be his best chance to prove that love is never ugly.
the acting is good
the film 's twists and turns in the film are very well done
i was a big fan of this movie

The Beast From 20,000 Fathoms VHS#630210176X
As a result of an arctic nuclear test, a carnivorous dinosaur thaws out and starts making its way down the east coast of North America. Professor Tom Nesbitt, only witness to the beast's existence, is not believed, even when he identifies it as a "rhedosaurus" to paleontologist Thurgood Elson. All doubts disappear, however, when Elson is swallowed whole during an oceanic bathysphere excursion to search for the creature. Soon thereafter the rhedosaurus emerges from the sea and lays waste to Manhattan Island until Nesbitt comes up with a plan to try to stop the seemingly indestructible beast.
but this is one of the best films ever made
the script is great
there are some great actors in this movie

The Simpsons - The Complete Second Season#B000063EME
Fans can continue to build a complete Simpsons DVD collection with the specially packaged, four-disc <i>The Simpsons Season Two DVD Collection</i>, where the evolution of The Simpsons is marked by the introduction of new characters (Ralph Wiggum; Groundskeeper Willie; Professor Frink; Dr. Julius Hibbert; Kang & Kodos; Blinky, the three-eyed fish; Comic Book Guy; Lionel Hutz; Kent Brockman), more celebrity guest stars (Jon Lovitz; Danny DeVito; Tony Bennett; Ringo Starr; Larry King and others), the debut of the Treehouse Of Horror Halloween specials, and the Billboard-topping song "Do The Bartman."
the dvd has a great commentary
the first season of the series is a great addition to the series of the
the best episodes of the show

Star Trek The Next Generation - The Complete Third Season#B000063V8R
26 episodes on 7 discs: Evolution, The Ensigns of Command, The Survivors, Who Watches the Watchers, The Bonding, Booby Trap, The Enemy, The Price, The Vengeance Factor, The Defector, The Hunted, The High Ground, Deja Q, A Matter of Perspective, Yesterday's Enterprise, The Offspring, Sins of the Father, Allegiance, Captain's Holiday, Tin Man, Hollow Pursuits, The Most Toys, Sarek, Menage a Troi, Transfigurations, The Best of Both Worlds Part 1.
i have to say that the first two seasons of the series are very good
and worth watching
 the best part of the series is the best of the series .

Star Trek The Next Generation - The Complete Fifth Season#B000063V8T
26 episodes on 7 discs: Redemption Part II, Darmok, Ensign Ro, Silicon Avatar, Disaster, The Game, Unification Part I, Unification Part II, A Matter of Time, New Ground, Hero Worship, Violations, The Masterpiece Society, Conundrum, Power Play, Ethics, The Outcast, Cause and Effect, The First Duty, Cost of Living, The Perfect Mate, Imaginary Friend, I, Borg, The Next Phase, The Inner Light, Time's Arrow Part I.
the best episodes of the series
the season finale is a little too long
it is a great tale of a young man who is a young boy

Tess VHS#6302150930
Roman Polanski adapted Thomas Hardy's novel <I>Tess of the D'Urbervilles</I> and came up with this moody, haunting film starring Nastassia Kinski as the farm girl who is misused by the aristocrat for whom she works and who is then caught in a marriage where her initial happiness soon turns to grief. Fans of the novel may feel unpersuaded by Polanski's effort to marry Hardy's Dorset vision with his own fascination with psychosexual impulses toward survival, but the film is an often stunning thing to see, and Kinski's sensitive, intelligent performance lingers in the memory. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the director 's cut is one of the best films of the year
the cinematography is beautiful and the cinematography is beautiful
is a tale of a young boy

Kate &amp; Leopold#B0000640VN
Meg Ryan (YOU'VE GOT MAIL) and Hugh Jackman (X-MEN) are paired as star-crossed lovers who discover that passion and chivalry never go out of style! When a rip in time brings together a charming 19th century bachelor and a thoroughly 21st century woman, the potential for an old-fashioned modern romance ignites! Also starring Breckin Meyer (ROAD TRIP) and Liev Schreiber (SCREAM 3).
this movie is a great movie
a teen teen in the 80s
the performances are great

Amelie#B0000640VO
Nominated for five Academy Awards including Best Original Screenplay, this magical comedy earned overwhelming acclaim nationwide! A painfully shy waitress working at a tiny Paris cafe, Amlie makes a surprising discovery and sees her life drastically changed for the better! From then on, Amlie dedicates herself to helping others find happiness ... in the most delightfully unexpected way! But will she have the courage to do for herself what she has done for others?
the musical score is great
the dvd extras are great
the colors are vibrant and the colors are vibrant

I am Sam#B000066HAS
Michelle Pfeiffer and Sean Penn give career-defining performances in this humorous and heart-warming film about a mentally-challenged father who enlists the aid of a high-powered attorney to help him regain custody of his daughter. An all-star supporting cast and a spectacular soundtrack complete this unforgettable story of life, love and laughter.<P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>Audio Commentary:</b>Filmmaker Commentary - With Director / Co-screenwriter Jessie Nelson<br><b>DVD ROM Features:</b>Script-to-Screen Link to Original Website Hot Spot<br><b>Deleted Scenes:</b>Deleted and Alternate Scenes with optional Director commentary<br><b>Documentary:</b>Original Documentary: Becoming Sam<br><b>Other:</b>Theatrical Press Kit DTS sound<br><b>Theatrical Trailer</b><br>
i watched this movie in a theater
 the movie is a little too long and has a lot of people .
she 's a great actress

Dagon#B000067J0M
Based On A Short Story By Hp Lovecraft, The Undisputed Masterof Macabre, Dagon Tells The Story Of A Fishing Village Temptedby Greed Who Evolve Into Freakish Half-Human Creatures And Mustsacrifice Outsiders To An Ancient, Monstrous God Of The Sea.
but it is not a good one to see the original and the last of
there are some good shots of the film
but it is a big budget

Predators#B002ZG98LO
Robert Rodriguez presents Predators, a bold new chapter in the Predator universe. Adrien Brody stars as Royce, a mercenary who reluctantly leads a group of elite warriors mysteriously brought together on a jungle planet. But when these cold-blooded human &ldquo;predators&rdquo; find themselves in all-out war against a new breed of alien Predators, it&rsquo;s the ultimate showdown between hunter and prey.
if you like the old fighter
a lot of the aliens in this film are the same name
the cast is great

The New Guy VHS#B000069HQ1
A high school loser who wants to be popular and respected finds the aid he needs from prison inmates. He uses the inmates' strategy to convert himself into the popular guy at a new school.
i think it started out as a bit more than a bit of a good
 i was n't expecting a lot of the movie .
it was a great picture and sound quality

The Blue Planet: Seas of Life Collector's Set (Parts 1-4)#B000069HXC
Covering 70% of the planet, the ocean is truly a dominating force, yet we know less about our oceans than we do about the surface of the moon. Five years in the making, with a budget of over $10 million, The Blue Planet: Seas of Life is the most comprehen
i watched it several times and i have to watch it again
this is a great release
i am a big fan of the film

The Sweetest Thing#B000069HYD
Christina's (Cameron Diaz) love life is stuck in neutral. After years of avoiding the hazards of a meaningful relationship, one night while club-hopping with her girlfriends, she meets Peter (Thomas Jane), her perfect match. Fed up with playing games, she finally gets the courage to let her guard down and follow her heart, only to discover that Peter has suddenly left town. Accompanied by Courtney (Christina Applegate), she sets out to capture the one that got away.
i think he 's a good actress
the plot is predictable and the plot is predictable
the humor is funny and the plot is very funny

The Living Daylights The James Bond 007 Collection  VHS#6302380294
Produced in 1987, Bond: Living Daylights directed by John Glen and staring Timothy Dalton, Maryam D'Abo, Joe Don Baker, Art Malik, Jeroen Krabbe, and Ian Fleming.
this movie is not a bad movie
the film is a little slow and the action is not enough to be
the movie is very well done and the story is very well done

Witness for the Prosecution VHS#6302413435
Tested, works great! Some storage/shelf ware to case. Amazon ships direct to you for quickest delivery & best customer service! Free PRIME shipping :)
it turns out to be a great director
and the performances are excellent
i am not sure that this is one of the best performances i have ever

Frailty#B00006AUJR
Bill Paxton, Matthew McConaughey. The chilling tale of a religious fanatic who believes he is charged with killing demons in human form-and enlists his two young sons to help him. 2001/color/99 min/R.
and the cinematography is great
and the actors are great
this is a great movie

Bill Cosby, Himself VHS#6302428122
One of America's most popular comedians, Bill Cosby treats his fans to a funny, satirical and heart-warming concert at Toronto's Hamilton Place Performing Arts Center. His material ranges from marriage and the unending trials of parenthood, to the side-splitting antics of the very young, and a hilarious encounter with a dentist's drill and needle. Insightful and witty, this highly entertaining film is a rare cinematic treat, filled with all the spontaneity and electricity that only a live performance can provide.
and the humor is funny
 the story is about a man who is a young boy .
he is a very talented actor

The Hand That Rocks the Cradle VHS#6302450187
A potboiler featuring a demented caretaker and a seemingly hapless suburban family, this is <i>The Nanny</i> of the 1990s. However, it is much more predictable than that 1965 Bette Davis psychodrama, and more graphic. It works only because Rebecca De Mornay makes us intensely uncomfortable as the disturbed au pair who wants to take care of much more than her employer's well-being.
it 's a great film
it is subtitled in english
it 's a good thriller

Gentlemen Prefer Blondes VHS#6302484383
These glamorous showgirls have everything a girl could want - except engagement rings! In a quest for true love, Lorelei (Marilyn Monroe) and her gold digger pal Dorothy (Jane Russell) set sail on a luxury-liner bound for France. But the pair hits rocky waters when a manipulative detective, an over-aged, over sexed millionaire (Charles Coburn) and the entire men's Olympic team try to put an anchor in their marriage-minded mischief. It's a wild and joyously funny ride across the Atlantic as our bathing beauties plan and plot a way to land their men.
this movie is a great movie
the color in this movie is very good
 i 'm a big fan of the show .

Malcolm in the Middle: Season 1#B00006G8J7
See how it all began for boy-genius Malcolm and his disorderly, demented (and downright dysfunctional) family. Share the laughter and relive the fun with all 16 hilarious Season One episodes-available for the first time in this exclusive 3 disc collectors set.
i purchased this dvd and i purchased the first season and i purchased the first
i like watching this one in the first season
i love this show and buy it for yourself

Seven Year Itch VHS#6302484405
It's a steamy summer in New York City and this scandalous, sexy comedy heats things up even more! A married man (Tom Ewell), whose wife and son are away for the summer, has his fidelity put to the test when a seductive starlet (Marilyn Monroe) moves in upstairs. Keeping his marriage vows in the face of her flirtations proves tough when challenged by the notorious "seven year itch." Faced with this provocative problem, he's victim to an outrageous mating dance filled with hilarious comedy!
this is a classic and worth watching
the humor is full of action and drama
one of the best comedies ever made

Life or Something Like It#B00006G8JD
A female reporter interviews a homeless man with alleged psychic powers to obtain the final score of a big football game that is about to played. The homeless man instead tells the woman that her life is meaningless and a waste. He furthers tells her that unless she embraces life, she's going to die in a week. Determined not to let the prophecy come to fruition, the reporter changes her life and is surprised by the profound effect a few changes can have.
i think he 's a great performance
 i 'm not sure how much i would say .
a very good character

Kentucky Fried Movie VHS#6302485010
The comic cult classic from Jerry Zucker, James Abrahams and David Zucker. Creators of Airplane, Hot Shots and Naked Gun. Also from John Landis director of Animal House, Trading Places and Coming to America.
it 's a lot of laughs in the movie
the movie is one of the best movies i 've seen in a long time
the film is a big budget

Eat Pray Love#B0033AGJ5Y
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
 i had to watch it again and i am not happy with this movie
but it was a good film to watch
one of the worst movies ever made

Sports Night - The Complete Series#B00006IRH9
Taut, exciting, realistic dramedy about the lives of sports journalists. It's a show about a show about sports, that isn't about sports at all.
if you like the first film
this is one of the best episodes of the series
 i 'm not sure i 'm not sure if you 're a fan of

Live and Let Die VHS#6302510007
Live and Let Die (1973) is the eighth spy film in the James Bond series to be produced by Eon Productions, and the first to star Roger Moore as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond. Produced by Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman, it was the third of four Bond films to be directed by Guy Hamilton. Although the producers had wanted Sean Connery to return after his role in the previous Bond film Diamonds Are Forever, he declined, sparking a search for a new actor to play James Bond. Moore was signed for the lead role.
 i love this movie and i love this movie and i love it and
 i love the story .
the screenplay is excellent and the direction is excellent

Dread: After Dark Horrorfest 4#B00344EAI2
Stephen (Jackson Rathbone, the TWILIGHT saga) and Cheryl are college students making a documentary about what people dread in life. But they have no idea that their partner, Quaid, witnessed his parents being murdered by an axe-wielding lunatic and wants to make others experience his own personal horror. This stylish horror/thriller is produced by Clive Barker, the Godfather of modern horror/fantasy and the creator of the HELLRAISER and CANDYMAN series.
i started to give it a chance to see it in the end
this is a great cast
this is a spoiler that is spoiler spoiler

Buffy the Vampire Slayer - The Complete Third Season#B00006RCNX
All 22 classic episodes are available for the first time in this exclusive 6-disc collectors edition. From "Faith, Hope & Trick," "Band Candy" and "Bad Girls" to "Consequences," "Enemies" and "Graduation Day, Part Two," these Season Three episodes are a must for every true Buffy fan.
this season is a good season
the first season is very good and the show is very well done and the
this season is a great season

Sleepwalkers VHS#6302544289
Stephen King's Sleepwalkers is about a half-human, half-cat race of shape shifters called, for no apparent reason, sleepwalkers. Hunky Charles Brady (Brian Krause) and his incestuous mother (Alice Krige) are sleepwalkers, and they've come to the sm
 this movie is a great story and a great story line and the acting
but the acting is horrible and the acting is horrible
a young boy

Barbershop#B00006RVJR
On a whim, Calvin (Ice Cube) sell's his father's Chicago barbershop but soon realizes how much he needs the business. He decides he should have never sold the shop but must now figure out how to come up with the money to buy it back.
this is a great comedy
he is a great actor
it 's worth watching

The Crocodile Hunter - Collision Course#B00006SFKN
Steve Irwin makes his big-screen debut with his most perilous adventure yet! To save a very large crocodile from poachers, Steve and his wife Terri set out on a death-defying journey through the Outback to nab the big fella and relocate him to a safe river. But what they don't know is that the angry reptile has swallowed a top-secret US satellite beacon making them all targets of American special agents! Crikey!
it is a great documentary about a young boy
 i was n't expecting a little too much .
there are some documentaries about the making of the movie

Like Mike#B00006SFL7
Young Hollywood orphan, Calvin (Lil' Bow Wow) has two dreams: a family to call his own and to play in the NBA. When a pair of shoes once worn by Michael Jordan are donated to the orphanage, his dreams come true. Cameos by several NBA players.
i think the best actor of the year
but it 's a great entertainment
i think the performances are good

Robin Williams: Live On Broadway#B000077VQ6
Everyone's favorite over-the-top comedian brings his frantic pace to the big stage to sermonize on religion, breast implants, anthrax and everything in between. Recorded live in New York City. 2002/color/126 min/NR/fullscreen.
 i have to admit i was a kid .
this is a great movie
this dvd is a great dvd for the dvd

The Good Girl#B0000797IO
A young wife (Aniston) gets bored with her marriage and life and falls into an iliicit affair with a teenage stock boy (Gyllenhaal) at the discount store where they both work.
the script is so bad that it 's a shame that the script is so
the acting is very good and the acting is very good
there are some funny moments

Eye See You#B00007AJE3
A brutal serial killer is targeting cops, and detective Jake Malloy is on the warpath. But now the killer is making it personal, and this dedicated agent is twisted in an emotional nightmare. Time isrunning out, and so are the options, as Malloy engages in an extreme game of cat-and-mouse with a killer who won't be stopped. Sylvester Stallone leads an all-star cast, including Tom Berenger (Training Day), Charles Dutton (A Time to Kill), Sean Patrick Flanery (The Boondock Saints), Robert Patrick ("The X-Files"), Jeffrey Wright (Shaft) and Kris Kristofferson (Blade II).
 it 's not bad but i do n't know what i expected , but
this is a great thriller
the cast is very good

Lost: The Complete Sixth and Final Season#B0036EH3X4
Follow the epic twists and turns of LOST as it is time for our characters to finally learn their ultimate destiny in LOST, The Final Season.
 i am not a fan of the series .
there are some really interesting twists and turns
i watched it several times and i was n't sure if you 're a fan

Simone#B00007G1YQ
After the lead actress drops out of his latest project, a movie producer replaces her with an entirely CGI-character who becomes a major star. The producer must continue the charade when the public does not realize the actress is CGI-generated.<P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>DVD ROM Features:</b>Script-to-screen<br><b>DVD ROM exclusive web site:</b>The real S1M0NE websites<br><b>Deleted Scenes:</b>Deleted scenes with direct access from the film<br><b>Documentaries:</b>Cyber Stardom; Simulating S1M0NE FX<br><b>Full Screen Version:</b>Widescreen and fullscreen versions of the film<br><b>Interactive Menus</b><br><b>Scene Access</b><br><b>Theatrical Trailer:</b>Teaser trailer; Theatrical trailer<br>
 i do n't know what i expected .
the first time is a great television series
it 's a romantic comedy that is a little too long for a movie

Fear Dot Com#B00007G1ZB
Four bodies are found in New York City. Why, why, why? The coincidence? They all died 48 hours after logging on to a site named fear.com. Tough detective Mike Reilly collaborates with Department of Health associate Terry Huston to research these mysterious deaths. The only way to find out though what really happened is to enter the site itself.
i think this movie is not a bad movie
this movie is not bad
i 'm not sure that the actors were good

Never Cry Wolf VHS#630264223X
Filmed amid spectacular wilderness vistas, NEVER CRY WOLF reveals a world of hypnotic beauty and breathtaking cinematic imagery. An unforgettable adventure begins as Tyler, a young inexperienced biologist, is deposited alone onto the desolate Arctic terrain. Once settled, he struggles to endure the forces of nature as he documents the mysterious habits of the wolves he has been sent to study. An odyssey of self-discovery told through captivating drama, NEVER CRY WOLF is a haunting, lyrical film from the director of THE BLACK STALLION.
 i 'm not sure .
 i think that the film is a bit of a story about a man
and the tale of a young boy

Cyrus#B0037QGRV0
John C. Reilly, Jonah Hill and Oscar Winner Marisa Tomei star in this quirky, hilarious story about love, family and cutting the cord. Not-so-recently divorced John (Reilly) thinks hes finally found the perfect woman when he meets the sweet and sexy Molly (Tomei). Theres just one problem  Mollys son Cyrus (Hill) clings to his mom like lint on a T-shirt, and hes not about to let another man come between them. Its one hysterically awkward moment after another as John and Cyrus fight for the right to be Mollys #1 man.
but it 's worth watching
it has a great cast and actors
a good movie for the whole family

City By the Sea VHS#B00007L4OG
Drama. When a respected New York homicide detective (Robert De Niro) discovers the prime suspect in a murder case is his estranged son (James Franco), he is forced to return home to the decaying boardwalks of Long Beach, Long Island to confront the darkness of his past. During the course of the investigation, he realizes that his failures as a father - and his unresolved anguish about the painful estrangement - have deeply influenced his son's life, and he must put his own life on the line in order to do right by both his family and his profession.
the dialogue is good
i liked this movie
the actors are good

Family Guy, Volume One#B000083C6V
This four-disc set contains all 28 episodes from the first two seasons of Fox's irreverent comedy series. This special DVD set includes audio commentary, a behind-the-scenes featurette, deleted scenes and more.
the characters are fun
the disc is a great disc
i love this movie and i like it

Agora#B003CI2G6S
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
this is a very good drama
the dvd is subtitled in english for the deaf
i agree with the reviewers that i read the book

Captain Ron VHS#6302676711
He's the most inept nautical man since Peter &#34;Wrong Way&#34; Peachfuzz, but for the suburban family that hires him to take them on a Caribbean cruise in their new yacht, Captain Ron manages to sail them into a hilariously unforgettable adventure. Kurt Russell, Martin Short, Mary Kay Place star.
this movie is awesome
if you 're a fan of the 80s and you 'll love this one and
if you like the great plots

Tooth Fairy#B003CWEQ7G
Dwayne Johnson stars as Derek Thompson, one of the toughest hockey players around -- until he's sentenced to one week's hard labor as the world's most unlikely tooth fairy! Even though he must sport frilly wings and learn the magical tricks of the trade from his silver-winged superiors (Julie Andrews and Billy Crystal), Derek's determined to do the job HIS way and prove he's got what it takes!
but the plot is good
but i like this one and the other two films are great
this movie is great

Batman: Under the Red Hood#B003ES5JDS
Batman faces his ultimate challenge as the mysterious Red Hood takes Gotham City by firestorm. One part vigilante, one part criminal kingpin, Red Hood begins cleaning up Gotham with the efficiency of Batman, but without following the same ethical code. Killing is an option. And when the Joker falls in the balance between the two, hard truths are revealed and old wounds are reopened.
i started to see the original star wars series
the characters are fun and fun to watch
the casting is good

The Mark Of Zorro VHS#6302700949
Posing as a foppish coward, Diego, a Spanish nobleman, fights injustice in colonial California. Upon his return from Spain, Diego realizes that Captain Pasquale is terrorizing the district and levying unreasonable taxes. Disguised as Zorro - a masked Robin Hood-like swashbuckler - the young Spaniard menaces the local authorities to the delight of all the peasants. In the meantime, posing as the inept fop, he is able to move through society without being suspected.
the cast is superb
the actor is a great actor
this is a great purchase

Mr. Bean - The Whole Bean#B000085EEI
He captured the hearts of millions of viewers worldwide. His movie grossed nearly a quarter of a billion dollars worldwide. He's been called the most embarrassing man on the planet. Now the entire <I>Mr. Bean</I> series, the British comic phenomenon created by Rowan Atkinson (<I>Blackadder</I>, <I>Four Weddings and a Funeral</I>), is finally available in one complete package.
this film was a big hit in the early 80s
the best i 've seen this movie .
it 's a great comedy to watch

Superman/Batman: Apocalypse with Litho Cel#B003ES5JEC
When a spaceship splashes down in Gotham Harbor, Batman and Superman encounter a mysterious Kryptonian with powers as great as Superman's. When Darkseid gets wind of this, he has the Kryptonian abducted and brought under his control on Apokolips. It's up to Batman and Superman to retrieve the Kryptonian, forcing them to infiltrate Darkseid's hostile world where superpowerful threats lurk around every corner. This story is based on Jeff Loeb's popular mini-series from the Superman/Batman comic books.
and it 's worth a watch
the picture quality is good and the sound is good and the sound is good
i 'm not sure that the films are in the same way

You Don't Know Jack#B003EV6DCG
Angel of mercy or murderous Doctor Death? Jack Kervorkian is one of the most polarizing figures in modern American history, a man whose passionate belief that people have the right to die has brought him both praise and vilification. Oscar- and Emmy-winning actor Al Pacino brings Dr. Death to life in an all-new HBO Films presentation: <i>You Dont Know Jack</i>, directed by Oscar-winner Barry Levinson.
but he 's a great actor
the actors are great
this is a very good movie

Jackass: The Movie#B00008972B
All the jackasses you love from the MTV series are back performing stunts no one would let them pull on television.
this is worth watching
if you like slapstick and slapstick
i 'm a big fan of the big rating

Transporter, The#B00008AOVL
Frank Martin (Jason Statham) is the best as what he does: transporting dangerous or illegal goods with no questions asked. But his last shipment, a beautiful young woman kidnapped by international slave traders, brings deadly complications to his delivery plans. Now Frank must kick into overdrive in a nonstop action-packed fight to save his precious cargo - and his life.
the doctor who is in the same way
 the action is a little too .
this dvd is a good dvd

Dawson's Creek - The Complete First Season#B00008AOX3
DAWSONS CREEK chronicles a close group of friends passage from adolescence to adulthood in their small coastal town and a rapidly changing world. This landmark first season of the show marks the beginning of an unforgettable journey for cast members JAMES VAN DER BEEK, MICHELLE WILLIAMS, JOSHUA JACKSON, KATIE HOLMES and their characters, as they face the agony and ecstasy of teenage life. Exclusively available on DVD, this 4-disc presentation of the complete first season is a must-own collectible for any fan of the smash-hit television series.
the first season was a good
the first season of the series was very good
i 'm a fan of the first two seasons

Bowling For Columbine VHS#B00008DDVU
Barberland is a rich and humorous portrayal of a community phenomenon that is quickly fading into our vanishing Americana. Through quirky tales told by the barbers who were there, we are taken back to a time when a good shave and haircut made all the difference in your day, and people meant more than money. From shaving mishaps to Playboy Magazine, a trip through Barberland is a journey to be experienced before it's gone.
 it was a very good film .
the documentary is about a documentary about the making of the film
the movie is a real hero

Barney Miller - The First Season#B00008EY6N
Barney Miller is the kind of cop we'd all like to meet. He somehow manages to maintain order over a group of inner-city detectives who gamble for a hobby, get hit on by anything in skirts, go to renaissance philosophy conventions for fun, and would really prefer to be writing. Stars Hal Linden, Abe Vigoda and more! Two-disc set includes all 13 episodes from the first season.
 i 'm a big star trek fan .
the first season was very good and the show was n't as good as the
but the realism is great

The Critic - The Complete Series#B00008EY6Q
From the producers of "The Simpsons"! Jon Lovitz is the animated Jay Sherman, a TV movie critic who is forced to review the most pathetic films which he always rates as "It stinks." In addition to the film parodies, the show also deals with his personal life: working for a tyrannical media mogul boss, his lovelife and his family. Three-disc release includes all 23 episodes from the entire first and second seasons!
all the reviews of this movie were great
the show is a great show and the animation is great
 i was n't sure how much i had to get it .

Big Heat VHS#6302797675
There's a satisfying sense of closure to the definitive noir kick achieved in <I>The Big Heat</I>: its director, Fritz Lang, had forged early links from German expressionism to the emergence of film noir, so it's entirely logical that the expatriate director would help codify the genre with this brutal 1953 film. Visually, his scenes exemplify the bold contrasts, deep shadows, and heightened compositions that define the look of noir, and he matches that success with the darkly pessimistic themes of this revenge melodrama.
the acting is superb and the acting is superb
this is one of the best actresses of the year
this film has some great scenes and a good story

Max#B00008K77D
John Cusack, Noah Taylor, Leelee Sobieski. A tangled and emotional what-if" drama about a Jewish German WWI veteran who is running an art gallery and takes a promising painter under his wing-a young Adolf Hitler. 2002/color/108 min/R/widescreen.
the performances are good
i think this movie is based on a true story
) watching the film in the theater

Big Bang Theory:S4 (DVD)#B003L77G6A
This season the Big Bang gangs romantic universe expands. On the rebound from Penny, Leonard falls into the arms of Rajs sister Priya. Sheldon gets a girlfriend, or rather a friend who is a girl: Amy, a dour neurobiologist who declares herself besties with Penny. Howard and Bernadette heat up. And so do Raj and Bernadette (at least in Rajs Bollywood daydream). All in the furtherance of award-winning genius comedy.
the first season was great
the acting is great
the first season is a little too long

Smallville: The Final Season#B003L77GG0
After a meteor shower bursts from the heavens, raining destruction on the unsuspecting citizens of Smallville, years pass, and the healing process leaves the town's inhabitants with scars and secrets. From the ashes of tragedy, a popular yet awkward teen attempts to decipher the meaning of his life and his clouded past. As he struggles with the transition from boyhood to adulthood, Clark finds that his strength and strange abilities set him uncomfortably apart from his peers.
i think the second season is a little too much for the series
the first season was great and the episodes are great
i 'm sure that this is one of the best and most of the best

Disney's A Christmas Carol#B003NFM3JK
From Walt Disney Pictures comes the magical retelling of Charles Dickens&rsquo; beloved tale &mdash; Disney&rsquo;s A Christmas Carol, the high-flying, heartwarming adventure for the whole family, starring Jim Carrey. When three ghosts take penny-pinching Scrooge on an eye-opening journey, he discovers the true meaning of Christmas -- but he must act on it before it&rsquo;s too late. Complete with spirited bonus features, this exhilarating and touching Disney classic is destined to be part of your holiday tradition, adding sparkle and heart to all your Christmases yet to come.
 it 's a great movie .
the budget is great
this is one of the best movies ever made

Two Weeks Notice#B00008NRI7
Opposites don't just attract - they hilariously banter, fuss, feud and collide when SANDRA BULLOCK plays an activist lawyer and HUGH GRANT is the eccentric tycoon who hires her in this romantic-comedy romp from the writer of Miss Congeniality <P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>Additional Scenes:</b>Two new scenes<br><b>Audio Commentary:</b>Feature-length audio commentary with branching gags by Sandra Bullock, Hugh Grant and Writer Marc Lawrence<br><b>Documentary:</b>Visit the stars, moviemakers and New York City with "HBO First Look: The Making of 'Two Weeks Notice'"<br><b>Filmographies:</b>Cast/Director Film Highlights<br><b>Interactive Menus</b><br><b>Scene Access</b><br><b>Theatrical Trailer</b><br>
if you like romantic comedies
i think this movie is a fun movie
the actors are good

South Park - The Complete Second Season#B00008O32J
All eighteen episodes from the classic second season of Comedy Central's all-time highest rated series are now available to own in an exclusive 3-disc collector's edition DVD set with "kick-ass" special features.
this is a great remake of the series
 i love it and i love it .
the video and audio quality is the best and the best of the series

Saw: The Final Chapter#B003Q6D27S
Witness the last diabolical act of a legend as the final pieces of Jigsaw's puzzles are revealed! As a deadly battle rages over Jigsaw's brutal legacy, a group of Jigsaw survivors gathers to seek the support of self-help guru and fellow survivor Bobby Dagen. But Dagen hides his own dark secrets, ones that will unleash a wave of unrelenting terror and suffering in this heart-stopping finale to the most successful horror movie series of all time.
but the movie is very good
but i think the movie was so bad
all the movie was great

Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World#B00008W64E
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
the action scenes are great
this movie is a great movie
a great movie

Megamind#B003UESJF6
A smart, funny and original treat, Michael O'Sullivan, The Washington Post, DreamWorks Animations Megamind puts a whole new hilarious twist on the superhero movie.
and one of the best movies ever
but it 's a fun superhero movie that is fun to watch
it starts out with a bang

Monster That Challenged The World VHS#6302872669
It was just another routine Navy experiment on the placid waters of California's Salton Sea. Or was it? When a trio of researchers disappear, the Naval base's head of intelligence and his assistant rush out in a patrol boat to investigate. What they discover terrifies and confounds them: a boat, adrift, with one man scared to death - literally - and two others dead, mysteriously drained of body fluids. There are no clues, save for an inexplicable, jelly-like substance found near the bodies.
 i was a big fan of the old .
but it is one of the best films ever made
the subtitles are available in english

The X-Files - The Complete Eighth Season#B00008YGRY
Now you can own the entire eighth season of THE X-FILES. ALL 21 classic episodes are available for the first time in this exclusive 6-disc collector's edition. From the arrival of Agent John Doggett in "Within" and Mulder's miraculous resurrection in "Deadalive" to the birth od Scully's baby in "Existence," these Season Eight episodes are a must of every X-Files fan!
 season 1 is a bit of a series of the series .
i was n't impressed by the actor in this film
it turns out to be a good show

Saw II#B00008YOD2
While investigating the bloody aftermath of a grizzly murder, Detective Eric Mason (Donnie Wahlberg) has the feeling that it is the work of Jigsaw, the notorious killer who disappeared leaving a trail of bodies -- and parts -- behind. And Mason is right. Jigsaw is at work again. But instead of two people locked in a room with only one unthinkable way out, there are eight. Eight strangers -- unaware of their connection to each other -- forced to play out a game that challenges their wits and puts their lives in jeopardy.
the movie is very slow and the ending is very predictable
the characters are very good
the action is annoying and the acting is pretty good

Versus#B000095J2Y
Tak Sakaguchi, Hideo Sakaki. A dark tale of an escaped prisoner who enters the mysterious Forest of Resurrection in hopes of finding a safe haven. Instead good must battle evil and he can't remember what side he is on. 2000/color/119 min/NR. DVD: 1.85:1a/Japanese Stereo/English Stereo & subtitles/audio commentary/featurette/trailers]
the film is a little slow at times
the acting was good and the dialogue was good
but i 'm sure i 'd watch this one in the theater

Solaris#B00009ATIX
Superstar George Clooney turns in a stellar performance in this "brilliant sci-fi movie" (New York Daily News) from Academy Award winners Steven Soderbergh (2000 - Best Director, Traffic) and JamesCameron (1997 - Best Picture, Titanic). Aboard a lonely space station orbiting a mysterious planet, terrified crew members are experiencing a host of strange phenomena, including eerie visitors who seem all too human. And when psychologist Chris Kelvin (Clooney) arrives to investigate, he confronts a power beyond imagining that could hold the key to mankind's deepest dreams?or darkest nightmares. Co-starring Natascha McElhone and Jeremy Davies, Solaris is "mind-bending!" (Rolling Stone)
but this film is not a film that is n't as good as the original
but i think he 's not a bad performance
this is a great movie

May#B00009MEC4
May never really fit in and growing up with a pirate's patch to cover her lazy eye did not make things easier. EVen as an adult, her best friend and sole companion is a doll given to her by her mother, until she sees Adam. In awe of his beauty, especial
this is a good performance
i think this is a good comedy
a good study in the film

The Dilemma#B003Y5H4ZW
Vince Vaughn and Kevin James headline an all-star comedy from director Ron Howard. Ronnys (Vaughn) world is turned upside down when he inadvertently sees something he should not have, and makes it his mission to get answers. As the amateur investigation dissolves his world into comic mayhem, he learns that his best friend Nick (James) has a few secrets of his own. Now, Ronny must decide what will happen if he reveals the truth. Also starring Jennifer Connelly, Winona Ryder, Channing Tatum and Queen Latifah.
i 'm not sure i would n't buy it if you like the original star
 i really enjoyed it .
 it 's not a bad film .

Sanctum#B003Y5H51K
From executive producer James Cameron (Avatar) comes a thrilling underwater adventure based on true events. Master diver Frank McGuire leads a teamincluding his 17-year-old sonto explore the largest, most beautiful and least accessible cave system on Earth. But when a tropical storm cuts off their only escape route, the team must work together to find their way through an uncharted and dangerous underwater labyrinth to make it out alive. With time running out, can they survive, or will they be trapped forever?
not the worst movie i have ever seen and i have to say that it
this movie is not bad
the special effects are not bad

Red Riding Hood (DVD)#B003Y5H54W
In a medieval village a beautiful young girl falls for an orphaned woodcutter, much to her family's displeasure. When her sister is killed by the werewolf that prowls the dark forest surrounding their village, the people call on a famed werewolf hunter to help them kill the wolf. As the death toll rises with each moon, the girl begins to suspect that the werewolf could be someone she loves. Panic grips the town as she discovers that she has a unique connection to the beast--one that inexorably draws them together, making her both suspect...and bait.
it 's a good horror movie
this movie is a great movie
i was n't sure how the screen was the first time i saw it

The Browning Version B&amp;W  VHS#6302969581
Michael Redgrave gives an award-winning performance in this compelling screen adaptation of Terence Rattigan's powerful stage play about an embittered, middle-aged schoolmaster whose career is in ruins. The grind of the English public school system, combined with a failed marriage, have worn down this once brilliant scholar. On the eve of his forced retirement, an unexpected (and undeserved) kindness compells him to examine his life and what he has made of it.
the performance in the film is superb
the young boy in the film
the actor 's performance is a great actor

The Hidden Fortress VHS#6302969697
The inspiration behind the legendary <I>Star Wars&#174; Trilogy</I>, Academy Award-winnertmAkira Kurosawa's masterpiece is the action-packed saga of an exiled princess, a masterful warrior, and two bungling misfits in search of gold. With spectacular wide screen cinematography and a stellar performance by Toshiro Mifune <I>(Seven Samurai, Yojimbo)</I> this hilarious comedy-adventure combines elements of Samurai epics, American Westerns, and the nobility of the common man.
the drama in the film is a bit of a drama
the characters are very good
the bonus features include a making-of featurette

Knife in the Water VHS#6302969778
For those who know Roman Polanski (<I>Chinatown</I>, <I>Repulsion</I>) only for his acclaimed English-language films, <I>Knife in the Water</I> will come as a revelation. Polanski's first feature--his doctoral dissertation from the Polish Film School--is
 i 'm sure that the film is a bit of a disappointment .
i think the director 's cut is one of the best films of the year
 i have n't seen the film , but it 's a bit of a

30 Minutes or Less#B003Y5H5C4
Nick (Jesse Eisenberg) is a small town pizza delivery guy whose mundane life collides with the big plans of two wanna-be criminal masterminds (Danny McBride and Nick Swardson). The volatile duo kidnaps Nick and forces him to rob a bank. With mere hours to pull off the impossible task, Nick enlists the help of his ex-best friend, Chet (Aziz Ansari). As the clock ticks, the two must deal with the police, hired assassins, flamethrowers, and their own tumultuous relationship.
this movie is a good movie
and it 's a big hit
 this is a very good movie .

Good Son VHS#630300203X
Evil resides in an unexpected place in this gripping, suspense-filled drama. Macaulay Culkin stars as Henry, an angelic-looking boy who seems loving and loyal to his parents, sister and friends. Only his cousin Mark (Elijah Wood) sees what lurks behind Henry's smile- secret thoughts and a love of deadly games. But when Mark tries to warn Henry's family, they won't believe him, leaving the terrified youngster alone to battle his jealous, menacing cousin.
this movie is a good movie
the soundtrack is great
this is a great realism

Wild at Heart VHS#6303018351
Lula's psychopathic mother goes crazy at the thought of Lula being with Sailor, who just got free from jail. Ignoring Sailor's probation, they set out for California. However their mother hires a killer to hunt down Sailor. Unaware of this, the two enjoy their journey and themselves being together... until they witness a young woman dying after a car accident - a bad omen.
the actors are great
the performances are great
there are some scenes in this film

The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo#B003Y5H5HO
Disgraced journalist Mikael Blomkvist (Daniel Craig) accepts an invitation to surreptitiously investigate a forty year old unsolved murder on behalf of the victim's uncle, Swedish industrialist Henrik Vanger (Christopher Plummer). Meanwhile, tattooed hacker Lisbeth Salander (Rooney Mara), hired to investigate Blomkvist, discovers the truth behind the conspiracy that led to his fall from grace. Thrown together by fate, the unlikely duo uncovers a secret history of murder and sexual abuse festering beneath the veneer of Sweden's industrial past, all the while drawing closer to a quiet evil waiting to engulf them both.
i have to say that i 'm sure that this is one of the better
i watched this film in the theater
the film is a very good film

Star Wars: The Complete Saga - Episodes I-VI#B003ZSJ212
<strong><em>Star Wars: The Complete Blu-ray Saga</em></strong> will feature all six live-action <em>Star Wars</em> feature films utilizing the highest possible picture and audio presentation.<strong><br /><br />Please note:packaging may vary</strong><br />
 i 'm not sure , but it 's a shame that it 's a
and the special features are great
i 'm sure the negative reviews of this movie are n't that bad

Millennium Actress#B0000AK80C
The second film by director Satoshi Kon and screenwriter Sadayuki Murai recalls Perfect Blue, but Millennium Actress is a more complex, subtle, and sophisticated work that evokes the history of Japanese cinema. After nearly 30 years of li
 i do n't know what i expected , but i do n't know what
the storyline is a little too much to say that the movie is a little
the director 's cut is a little too much to say that the film is

Mrs Doubtfire VHS#6303049079
After a bitter divorce, an actor disguises himself as a female housekeeper to spend secret time with his children held in custody by his Ex.
it 's a great story with a great cast
it 's a great movie
it 's a slapstick comedy

127 Hours#B0041KKYDI
From Academy Award-winning director Danny Boyle (<i>Slumdog Millionaire</i>) comes the powerfully uplifting true story of one mans struggle to survive against mountainous odds. Aron Ralston (James Franco) has a passion for all things outdoors. But when a falling boulder traps him in a remote Utah canyon, a thrill-seekers adventure becomes the challenge of a lifetime. Over the next five days, Ralston embarks on a remarkable personal journey in which he relies on the memories of family and friends--as well as his own courage and ingenuity--to turn adversity into triumph!
 the story is a little too much to say that it is a story
 i 'm not sure i would recommend it to anyone who likes to watch
and the transfer is excellent

Black Swan#B0041KKYEM
You cant tear your eyes away (Entertainment Weekly) from this wicked, psychosexual thriller (Daily Variety) starring ACADEMY AWARD WINNER Natalie Portman* and directed by Darren Aronofsky (The Wrestler ). Portman delivers the performance of her career (Vanity Fair ) as Nina, a stunningly talented but dangerously unstable ballerina on the verge of stardom. Pushed to the breaking point by her driven artistic director (Vincent Cassel) and the threat posed by a seductive rival dancer (Mila Kunis), Ninas tenuous grip on reality starts to slip away  plunging her into a waking nightmare.
she is a great actress and i think she is a great actress
 this was a movie .
this is a great movie

Rashomon VHS#6303073107
A cinema classic, <I>Rashomon</I> introduced the Western world to the greatness of Akira Kurosawa and paved the way for fellow masters of the Japanese film industry. Using an innovative narrative style, this eloquent director reveals how the truth in any situation depends on your point of view. Four different narrators describe the same brutal act--a woman's rape and her husband's consequent death--yet the facts elude us because each interprets the story to make himself appear in the best light. Machiko Kyo and Toshiro Mifune turn in magnificent performances as the lady and her savage attacker.
the cast is excellent
the cinematography is beautiful and the cinematography is excellent
and the camera work is good

Water for Elephants#B0041KKYHE
ACADEMY AWARD Winners Reese Witherspoon* and Christoph Waltz** join Robert Pattinson (The Twilight Saga) for this epic tale of forbidden love based on Sara Gruens acclaimed best seller. Against all odds, a veterinary student (Pattinson) and a beautiful circus performer from a bygone era (Witherspoon), meet and fall in love through their shared compassion for a special elephant. But their secret romance incurs the wrath of her dangerously volatile husband (Waltz).
this movie was a great movie
the actors are great
the shots of the film are very good

Buffy the Vampire Slayer - The Complete Fifth Season#B0000AQS18
After an unsettling encounter with the Dracula, Buffy asks Giles to once again be her Watcher. Luckily he agrees, for Buffy is about to face mortal problems far more threatening than the undead: the sudden appearance of a sister named Dawn, her mothers mysterious illness and Spikes undying devotion. Then an undefeatable demon appears, forcing Buffy to turn to an ancient Spirit Guide who tells her that love is her greatest gift  and power.
the first two seasons are good
this is one of the best films i have seen in a long time
the first season of the show is very good and the show is very good

The Eye#B0000AVHAO
From the Hong Kong writer-director brother team of Oxide and Danny Pang, The Eye is a supernatural thriller exploring themes of vision and identity by charting the mysterious consequences of a highly experimental corneal transplant surgery.
but it 's a little hard to watch
this movie is very good
but it 's worth watching

The Seventh Seal VHS#6303107338
Movie lovers will always return to <I>The Seventh Seal</I>, regarded by many as one of the greatest films of all time. Bergman combines symbolic imagery, realistic details, and wry humor for the moving medieval tale of a knight searching for God in a world ravaged by plague. As the honorable knight, his cynical squire, a troupe of carefree actors, and black-robed Death, a superb cast of Bergman regulars portray the cruelty and charity that coexisted during this dark era.
the film is a very good film
5 stars out of 4
one of the best films of the year

Ref VHS#6303153348
Denis Leary plays an unfortunate cat burglar, who is abandonded by his partner in the middle of a heist and is forced to take an irritating Connecticut couple (Kevin Spacey and Judy Davis) hostage. He soon finds that he got more than he bargained for when the couple's blackmailing son and despicable in-laws step into the picture. Before long they're driving him nuts with their petty bickering and family problems. The only way for him to survive is to be their referee and resolve their differences before he can be nabbed by the police.
a great film
this is a very funny film
it is a great movie to watch

Whale Rider#B0000CABBW
A small Maori village faces a crisis when the heir to the leadership of the Ngati Konohi dies at birth and is survived only by his twin sister, Pai. Although disregarded by her grandfather and shunned by the village people, twelve-year-old Pai remains certain of her calling and trains herself in the ways and customs of her people. With remarkable grace, Pai finds the strength to challenge her family and embraces a thousand years of tradition in order to fulfill her destiny.
the performance is great
this is a great movie
the best actress in the film

Mon Oncle VHS#630315350X
Brilliantly inventive sight and sound gags follow the highly distracted Mr. Hulot wherever he goes. Laughter builds as this hilarious victim of modernization wrestles valiantly with the gadgetry in his sister's super-automated home. Tati won an Oscar&#174; for his classic comic vision of 20th-century technology.
the dvd transfer is very good
and the commentary is a little too much to watch
the film is a little slow and watch

Tower Heist#B004A8ZWWO
Ben Stiller and Eddie Murphy lead an all-star cast in this hilarious comedy caper about a luxury condo manager (Stiller) who leads a staff of workers to seek payback on the Wall Street swindler (Alan Alda) who defrauded them. With only days until the billionaire gets away with the perfect crime, the unlikely crew of amateur thieves enlists the help of petty crook Slide (Murphy) to steal the $20 million theyre sure is hidden in the penthouse. From the director of the Rush Hour series, Tower Heist is so fun, it's criminal! (ASSOCIATED PRESS)
 i was a big fan of the story and i think it 's a
i like this movie
there are moments in the film that are funny and funny

Unknown#B004A8ZX28
The star of <i>Taken</i> and <i>The A-Team</i> jumps back into action with brute force! Liam Neeson plays Dr. Martin Harris, who awakens after a car accident in Berlin to discover that his wife (January Jones) suddenly doesnt recognize him and another man (Aidan Quinn) has assumed his identity. Ignored by disbelieving authorities and hunted by mysterious assassins, he finds himself alone, tired and on the run. Aided by an unlikely ally (Diane Kruger), Harris plunges into a deadly mystery forcing him to question his sanity, his identity and just how far hes willing to go to uncover the truth.
the storyline is very good and the storyline is very good
but he is one of the best roles in the film
but not one of the best movies i 've seen in a long time

Rabbit Hole#B004AE3QY4
This is the extraordinary story of Becca and Howie. Eight months ago, they had a picture-perfect life with their young son. Now, they are posing as normal in the wake of an enormous loss; blindly looking for footing in a sea of new emotions. This is the remarkably moving journey of a couple finding their way back to love.
it turns out to be a good
i saw this film in the theater when it was released in theaters
a young boy

Dinner for Schmucks#B004AV5GX6
Tim (Rudd) is a rising executive who succeeds in finding the perfect guest, IRS employee Barry (Carell), for his boss monthly event, a so-called dinner for idiots, which offers certain advantages to the exec who shows up with the biggest buffoon.
it 's not a bad movie
it 's a bit predictable in its plot
a good movie

Transformers 3: Dark of the Moon#B004BDOEZO
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
this is a great movie to watch and watch it again and again again and
the movie was so much more like the first half of the movie
this is a pretty good movie

Gigli#B0000DKDUT
Small-time street hood Larry Gigli (Ben Affleck) has a reputation for big-time screw-ups. Ricki (Jennifer Lopez) is a tough gal gangster. When they're paired together on an assignment that careens wildly out of control, will they find a way to work through their personal differences and work out their mutual attraction?
i rented this movie and i was not sure what i expected
he is a couple of the cops in the movie
the film is a flop in the late 70s

Uptown Girls#B0000DZ6N3
When the inheritance of a rich spoiled daughter of a deceased rock star is stolen, the young woman has to find her first job in order to make a living. After realizing that she's not qualified for anything, she accepts a position as the nanny to an emotionally distant eight-year-old. They find solace in the fact that they both consider themselves lonely.
this movie is awesome
the actors are great
the movie is a little too long for the whole family

