Silver Linings Playbook
After a stint in a mental institution, former teacher Pat Solitano moves back in with his parents and tries to reconcile with his ex-wife. Things get more challenging when Pat meets Tiffany, a mysterious girl with problems of her own.
the script is a bit of a trademark of the film
the best of the classic movies
the story is a little bit of a big screen

Star Wars - Episode VI, Return of the Jedi VHS
Star Wars - Episode VI, Return of the Jedi [VHS]
and the best entertainment
and the second season of the show
 great actor

Robot and Frank
Set in the near future, Frank, a retired cat burglar, has two grown kids who are concerned he can no longer live alone. They are tempted to place him in a nursing home until Franks son chooses a different option: against the old mans wishes, he buys Frank a walking, talking humanoid robot programmed to improve his physical and mental health. What follows is an often hilarious and heartwarming story about finding friends and family in the most unexpected places. Starring an ensemble cast led by Academy Award nominee Frank Langella (2008, Best Actor, Frost/Nixon), Academy Award Winner Susan Sarandon (1995, Best Actress, Dead Man Walking), Liv Tyler and James Marsden.
his performance is one of the best performances of all time
the plots are so good and the plots are so good
a cast of characters

World War Z
A former UN investigator is thrust into the middle of trying to stop what could be the end of the world. Worldwide destruction sends him around the globe seeking clues about what they are fighting and what it will take to defeat it, as he tries to save the lives of billions of strangers, as well as his own beloved family.
this is a very dark film
great romantic comedy
the drama is a little bit too much for the most part of the film

Shadowheart
As a boy, he saw his preacher father murdered. As a soldier, he witnessed the horrors of the Civil War. Now bounty hunter James Conners (Justin Ament) has returned to the town of Legend, New Mexico to marry the beautiful girl (Marnie Alton) he left behind and capture the psychotic land baron (Angus Macfadyen) who destroyed his childhood. But when Conners is ambushed and left for dead, he discovers a Native American world where justice has no name and vengeance rides in the shadows. Daniel Baldwin, Michael Spears (DANCES WITH WOLVES), Tonantzin Carmelo (INTO THE WEST) and William Sadler co-star in this epic western about revenge, redemption and the man the Navajo called SHADOWHEART.
it 's a good movie
lots of action and great actors
good movie i liked the movie but it was a good movie .

Doghouse
Cult filmmaker Jake West (EVIL ALIENS, RAZOR BLADE SMILE) and comic book writer/illustrator Dan Schaffer ('Dog Witch', 'The Scribbler') unite for this distinctively British horror comedy. When a group of young men--including Danny Dyer (THE BUSINESS, SEVERANCE), Noel Clarke (TV's DOCTOR WHO, ADULTHOOD) and Stephen Graham (THIS IS ENGLAND, PUBLIC ENEMIES)--descends upon a remote rural village, the lads look forward to a weekend of high jinks and male bonding. But their fun-filled break soon segues into a living nightmare when they discover that the village's female populous has succumbed to a mysterious virus that has turned them into ravenous creatures with a penchant for male flesh...
i think the villain is a great villain
the actors are good enough to make this movie a good
i was expecting a sequel to the first one

Glitter
Billie Frank is a talented young singer struggling to make it big in New York City. With plenty of will and determination, a voice like an angel, and the help of a handsome nightclub DJ, she will quickly learn that the roller coaster ride to success is as treacherous as it is glamorous. Grammy Award(r) winner Mariah Carey stars in this powerful and unforgettable story about an incredibly gifted young singer who finds that the road to her dreams leads straight to her heart. Also starring Max Beesley and Ann Magnuson, and featuring sensational performances from music superstars.
it is a comedy that you can see
and the young boy
 and the story is a little too much of the time that is the

My Own Private Idaho VHS
Gus Van Sant's often-beautiful 1991 film stars River Phoenix as a narcoleptic, Seattle male prostitute and Keanu Reeves as the rich friend who agrees to help him find his mother. After a solid hour or so of the two traveling on this quest through Idaho and Italy, Van Sant throws a wrench into the works by conjuring a gay version of Shakespeare's <i>Henry IV, Part I</i>, with Reeves's character as Prince Hal and filmmaker William Richert (who directed Phoenix in the 1988 <i>Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon</i>) as a variation on Falstaff. The experiment is interesting to watch, but you can't help wondering what on earth happened to the movie. Still, the film has a cult status one can't argue with, and Phoenix gives a tragic performance that stays in the memory. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
it has some moments in the film
i give it 5 stars because it 's a great action film
the movie is good

Chopping Mall VHS
Chopping Mall [VHS] [VHS Tape] (1986) Aames, Angela; Bartel, Paul; Coufos, Paul
i have watched this several times and have watched it several times
i was a little disappointed in the first two seasons
the cast is excellent

Transformers 3: Dark of the Moon
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
the film has some great moments
the documentary is about a documentary about the making of the film
the best of the great films i have ever seen

My Left Foot
Daniel Day-Lewis won a much-deserved Oscar for his wily, passionate performance as Irish artist and writer Christy Brown, whose cerebral palsy kept him confined to a wheelchair. Filmmaker Jim Sheridan (In the Name of the Father) adapts Brown's own
 .
 it was a very good movie .
the young boy

Deliver Us From Eva
Her sisters think she's a gift from heaven. Their husbands call her the sister-in-law from hell. But Eva (Gabrielle Union) is too busy being a smart, sassy, overprotective overachiever to really care what anyone thinks. That is until the guys decide the only way they will ever score any quality time with their women is to find single Eva a man. Pronto. Enter Ray (LL Cool J) an ultra-suave player's player, who is hired to make Eva fall madly in love with him. All goes according to plan until this ladies' man finds himself unexpectedly falling for this beautiful lady in this hip, fresh and funny comic romp.
the characters are great
the special features are great
the animation is great and the story is great

Kids in the Hall - Brain Candy VHS
Kids in the Hall: Brain Candy a 1996 CanadianAmerican comedy film written by and starring the Canadian comedy troupe The Kids in the Hall. Directed by Kelly Makin and filmed in Toronto, it followed the five-season run of their television series The Kids in the Hall, which had been successful in both Canada and the United States.
 the movie is a little bit too much for me , and it 's
the special edition dvd is a classic
the special edition is a great addition to the dvd

Mothra VHS
Giant Monster
 i have to say that i was expecting a lot of action , but
it 's a great thriller
but it turns out to be a good performance

The Rock VHS
Hollywood superstar Sean Connery (FINDING FORRESTER) joins Academy Award(R)-winner Nicolas Cage (1995 Best Actor -- LEAVING LAS VEGAS) in the action-packed thriller of the year, THE ROCK! All of San Francisco is taken hostage when a vengeful general (Ed Harris -- A BEAUTIFUL MIND) seizes control of Alcatraz Island, threatening to launch missiles loaded with deadly poison gas! With time running out, only a young FBI chemical weapons expert (Cage) and a notorious federal prisoner (Connery) have the skills to penetrate the island fortress and defuse the lethal situation! Edge-of-your-seat suspense and unstoppable action explode off the screen in this must-see motion picture event!
the script is excellent
the acting is superb
but she is a very good actress

The Good German
Who knows what American journalist Jake Geismer (George Clooney) expected to find in postwar Berlin? Peace, maybe. Or at least a story. But certainly not Lena (Cate Blanchett), his beautiful, embittered one-time love. And not the trail of secrecy and deception that leads from Lena to the scheming young corporal (Tobey Maguire) who's her new lover...and to a murder no one seems interested in solving. Except Jake. Steven Soderbergh directs three of today's top talents in this zigzag thriller that's both an atmospheric homage to 1940s filmmaking and a deft modern film noir. The Good German is "haunting and hypnotic, it's pure moviegoing bliss" (Peter Travers, Rolling Stone).
i watched this movie in the theatre
 a little bit of a movie that is a fun movie to watch .
this is a great comedy and it 's a great movie

Head Over Heels
Fall in love with the sexy comedy The Oakland Tribune says has "more chuckles than The Wedding Planner." It's a wild blend of big laughs, high fashion and foul play. Ordinary single girl Amanda Pierce (Monica Potter) unexpectedly finds herself sharing an awesome Manhattan apartment with four sexy supermodels. Determined to bring Amanda into their world, the models give her the ultimate makeover. The plan works fabulously as Amanda connects with next door charmer Jim Winston (Freddie Prinze, Jr.). That is, until one night while spying on him, Amanda thinks she sees the man of her dreams committing a cold blooded crime. Life then unravels as Amanda and her four loopy roomies must take to the streets to try and solve this mystery with style!
this series is one of the best fans of the series
the dvd is loaded with extra features
the first two seasons are the best

The Ladykillers VHS
In English comedy at its blackest (and funniest) pitch, this droll 1955 farce finds Alec Guinness in one of his typically deft, chameleon turns as would-be criminal mastermind Professor Marcus. When Marcus's grand plan to pull off a train heist leads him to a strategically situated house occupied by the genteel Mrs. Wilberforce (Katie Johnson), the ensuing masquerade triggers a mordant, even macabre comedy of manners. With Marcus and his rough-hewn cronies (Herbert Lom, Peter Sellers, and Danny Green) posing as a string quartet, and the dear lady's demise seen as the means to their larcenous end, the gang's sinister machinations are consistently, if unwittingly, foiled by the good-hearted, resourceful widow. <I>--Sam Sutherland</I>
 i do n't know what i expected .
a lot of humor and the humor is very good
the film is very well done and the acting is very good

 Stan Helsing
Forget Freddy vs. Jason, weve got Pinhead, Freddy Krueger, Michael Myers, Jason Voorhees, Leatherface, and Chucky Versus Stan Helsing! When a small town is threatened by classic horror villains of Halloween, its up to video store clerk Stan Helsing to apply his movie knowledge to save the town, get the girl, and prove that a hero can be found in the most unlikely places.
the ending is worth watching
but worth viewing
i think it is a great film

National Security
When Martin Lawrence (Bad Boys) and Steve Zahn (Daddy Day Care) team up as security guards, no one's safe! LAPD reject and major troublemaker, Earl (Lawrence), got L.A. cop Hank (Zahn) kicked off the force for brutality. Now, these two guys who can't stand each other, are stuck working together as lowly security guards. And they're playing cops to bring down a smuggling ring if they can stay alive and stay one step ahead of the real cops. Co-starring Eric Roberts (The Specialist), NATIONAL SECURITY will take you on a wild ride with the most unlikely heroes ever to wear a badge!
 this is a great family movie to watch .
the story is about a group of kids who have to be a family friendly
this is a great movie

The Truth About Charlie
From the Academy Award-winning director Jonathan Demme (The Silence of the Lambs), and starring Mark Wahlberg (Planet of the Apes), Thandie Newton (Mission: Impossible II) and Tim Robbins (The Shawshank Redemption), The Truth About Charlie is an explosive re-make of the original hit thriller, Charade.Regina (Newton) returns home from vacation to find her husband Charlie murdered and three violent strangers claiming Charlie cheated them out of millions. But when she accepts the help of a mysterious stranger (Wahlberg), Regina plunges into a world where double-cross turns to triple-cross and trust turns into the deadliest weapon of all. A spectacular, roller coaster thrill ride, The Truth About Charlie will keep you guessing right up to the gripping conclusion!
the film is not bad
but it has some moments that are n't the same as the first
and the genre is one of the best

Elvira: Mistress of the Dark VHS
vhs tape.
buy this one
this movie is awesome
 i love it .

The Hoax
From acclaimed director Lasse Hallstrom comes the unbelievable true story of Clifford Irving, the writer who faked the authorized autobiography of reclusive billionaire Howard Hughes and came close to pulling off the media scam of the 20th century. Irvings elaborate attempts to substantiate his claims  forgery, plagiarism, and falsifying legal documents  spark a media frenzy and take Irving down a neurotic spiral as he begins to suspect a vast conspiracy including the U.S. government and corporate empires are plotting against him.
it 's a good movie
the prequel to the original trilogy
this film is a great addition to the original

Goya's Ghosts Natalie Portman ALL Regions PAL DVD Milos Forman
The painter Goya becomes involve with the Spanish Inquisition when his muse, Ines, is arrested by the church for heresy. Her father, Thomas, comes to him hoping that his connection with Brother Lorenzo, whom he is painting, can secure the release of his daughter.
the film is a good film
a great score
the battle scenes are great and the story is very good

Halloween 3 - Season of the Witch VHS
tape and cover in good condition
and the visual effects are superb and the acting is superb
the dvd is a great transfer to the dvd
 the color is beautiful and the story is very good .

Seed
This story of a supernatural serial killer is reminiscent of Stephen King s finest horror films. Prison guards fail to exorcise the evil in a murderer and inadvertently unleash a malevolent monster. The resulting reign of violence, with its extreme gore and torture, set a new standard for the horror genre.
and she is a great chick flick
the acting is superb
and the acting is pretty good

1408
1408-(Br)
the plot is very good
this is one of the best movies ever made
i have seen the first two films

Zombie VHS
after night of the living dead....came this!
i have to say that the sequel was a good sequel
 the only thing that i can say is that it is the same thing
i was born in the early 1950s

Grizzly VHS
An eighteen foot, two thousand pound Grizzly bear terrorizes campers and hikers at a state park. This frustrates the head Park Ranger (Christopher George) who decides to hunt it down. His efforts however were thwarted by the Park Supervisor (Joe Dorsey) and many drunk hunters in the areas. After the bear kills another camper, two rangers, a hunter, a little boy and his mother, the ranger employs his friend, a naturalist (Richard Jaeckel) to find the bear and tranquilize it. But he gets killed. Finally with the help of a helicopter pilot (Andrew Prine) the ranger goes in pursuit and to finally kill it with any means necessary - rifles and a rocket launcher.
and vampire vampire in this movie
the best character in the film is the best of the film
but the best vampire in the film is a classic

Dream House
Will Atenton (Daniel Craig) quit a high-profile job in Manhattan to relocate his wife, Libby (Oscar-winner Rachel Weisz), and their two daughters to a quaint New England town. But as they settle into their new life, they discover their perfect home was once the murder scene of a mother and her children. When Will investigates, hes not sure if hes seeing ghosts or if the tragic events are somehow related to his past. The only clues come from his mysterious neighbor, Ann (Oscar-nominee Naomi Watts), who helps him piece together this haunting puzzle. Full of twists and suspense, this psychological thriller will have you on the edge of your seat.
the performances are excellent
the film is a good director
america's critic i like this movie i have to say it was a great movie

Out to Sea VHS
Jack Lemmon and Walter Matthau, the big screen's original "odd couple," star in this riotously funny high-seas adventure. In search of lonely ladies with big bank accounts, happy-go-lucky Charlie (Matthau) cons his cranky, widower brother-in-law Herb (Lemmon) into joining him on an all-expenses-paid, luxury cruise. But their "deluxe accommodations" are deep in the bowels of the ship, and Charlie has signed them on as dance hosts! Under the tyranny of crooning cruise director Gil Godwyn (Brent Spiner), Charlie and Herb are in for rough weather as they romance the luscious Liz (Dyan Cannon) and the lovely Vivian (Gloria De Haven).
i have seen the first two movies in the theater
it is one of the best movies i have seen in a long time
this is one of the best films of the year

Sybil
Drama
with a young man who is a very good actor
the movie is also a great director
i think this is a great film

Species III
Mankind's number is up in this thrilling third installment of the Species franchise! Featuring eye-popping special effects, knuckle-whitening suspense and the dazzling performance of sexy newcomer Sunny Mabrey, Species III is the most jarring, action-packed chapter in the sci-fi series yet! In the ongoing fight for supremacy between mankind and human-alien hybrids, a fatal hybrid weakness has given humans the advantage. Until now. When Sara (Mabrey), the daughter of Eve (Natasha Henstridge), is born, she develops into the most genetically perfect alien form yet! Seeking to repopulate the earth with her kind, this dangerously beautiful femme fatale heeds an overwhelming drive to mate while a crack military team trails her in an attempt to end the war between the two species forever!
the plot is a little bit too much
the film 's cinematography is beautiful and the colors are vibrant and the film is
the plot is predictable

Cube
Six ordinary strangers awaken from their daily lives to find themselves in a seemingly endless maze of interlocking cubical chambers armed with lethal booby traps. Without food and water, they have a few days to live. None of them knows how or why they've been imprisoned, but they soon discover that each of them possess a skill that could contribute to their escape.
and she is one of the best roles in the history of the film
 this movie is a great movie .
and a happy ending

Mr Deeds Goes to Town VHS
Mr Deeds Goes to Town [VHS] [VHStape] [2002]
 it 's a shame that the story is so much better than the original
 the film is a bit dated but the action is not as good as
there are a lot of action scenes in the film

Dexter: The Complete Final Season
Dexter(TM) is a crime drama about Dexter Morgan, a man who leads a double life as an incredibly likeable forensics expert for the Miami Police Department and as an emotionless vigilante serial killer. Taught by his foster father to harness his lust for blood and killing, Dexter lives by his own strict moral code - he only kills murderers who can't otherwise be brought to justice. Dexter is a killer who grapples with fitting into society while, at the same time, he struggles with his inability to feel emotion. The irony of Dexter's life is that he works closely as a blood splatter analyst with the very people who hunt his kind - the homicide departments.
i was a big fan of the film
he is a great actor
i was a little disappointed in this movie

The Eye
From the Hong Kong writer-director brother team of Oxide and Danny Pang, The Eye is a supernatural thriller exploring themes of vision and identity by charting the mysterious consequences of a highly experimental corneal transplant surgery.
this movie has a lot of great scenes in the movie
this is a great film
it 's a great romantic comedy

Forbidden World
In the distant future, a federation marshal arrives at a research lab on a remote planet where a genetic experiment has gotten lose and begins feeding on the dwindling scientific group.
5 stars out of 4
he 's not a bad guy but he 's not a good film
i have seen this film several times and i have to say that it is

The Prince of Egypt VHS
The Prince of Egypt [VHS]
but the chemistry between the two leads in this film is great
this movie is about a man who has to be a man
the script is very good and the script is so good

Mumford VHS
When a would-be psychologist, curiously named Dr. Mumford, comes to town, the quirkiest citizens scramble for a seat on his couch. As he lightens hearts darkened by old secrets, no one realizes he's hiding his own.
it is a film that is a film that is definitely worth seeing
 the story is a little too much .
a great television show that has been released in the early days of the film

I Know Who Killed Me
No Description Available.<br><b>Genre: </b>Suspense<br><b>Rating: </b>R<br><b>Release Date: </b>27-NOV-2007<br><b>Media Type: </b>Blu-Ray
and the directors cut out of the film
and the young lovers
i have seen this film several times and it was a great film

One Million Years Bc VHS
Raquel Welch in a two-piece fur bikini. That and the title is pretty much all anyone needs to know. If that indeed isn't enough, there are the dinosaurs of technician-artist Ray Harryhausen (along with some superimposed iguanas), and a prologue that tells you all you want to know about this "brutal world." Want more? There are volcanoes, barehanded wrestling with warthogs, and rival, subhuman, cannibalistic tribes--Lord, the list goes on and on! The portrait of humankind isn't the most flattering: we're petty, greedy, we grunt a lot, and we don't play well with others. Welch portrays a cavewoman from the tribe of the Blondes trying to make a life for herself with an outcast from the tribe of the Brunettes, which doesn't sit well with anybody. <I>--Keith Simanton</I>
the best of the movie in this movie is so funny
this movie is a great movie
the young actress who was in the movie

Crimson Tide VHS
In the typical Don Simpson-Jerry Bruckheimer mold (the partnership yielded <I>Top Gun</I> and <I>Days of Thunder</I>, among many other films), this 1995 drama is a combination of one-dimensional but enjoyable performances, lots of high-tech nonsense taking place onscreen, and mechanistic movie-making at its loudest and most seizure-inducing. Gene Hackman and Denzel Washington play nuclear submarine officers squaring off over the former's apparent intention to do some unauthorized damage to an enemy. Tony Scott (<I>Top Gun</I>) directed, bringing his luster and pop commercial sense to go with all that Simpson-Bruckheimer eye candy. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the film is very good
but the cast is very good
the movie is not bad

Source Code
A helicopter pilot (Gyllenhaal) recruited for a top-secret military operation finds himself on a startlingly different kind of mission in Source Code, a smart, fast-paced action thriller that challenges our assumptions about time and space. Filled with mind-boggling twists and heart-pounding suspense, Source Code is directed by Duncan Jones (Moon).
i love the performances of the film
this movie is great
the acting is great

Shallow Ground
Jack Shepard didn't think his nightmares could possibly get any worse. But when a mysterious boy appears, dressed only in a coating of fresh blood, Jack is forced down a path of dark secrets and unthinkable horrors. The small town of Shallow Valley is about to become a gruesome battleground where the living will now pay for the pain the dead have suffered.
the main character is a good character
the first two seasons are the best
but the ending is a bit better than the first

The Little Shop of Horrors VHS
Vintage videotape
this is a great movie
 the story is not as good as the first one .
this film is a good film

Jumpin' Jack Flash VHS
Terry works for a bank, and uses computers to communicate with clients all over the world. One day she gets a coded message from an unknown source. After decoding the message, Terry becomes embroiled in an espionage ring. People are killed, and Terry is chased. Throughout she remains in contact with this unknown person, who needs Terry to help save his life.
this was one of the best seasons of the series
this is a great movie to watch
this is a television series of television in the series

Paparazzi
Action film superstar Bo Laramie (Cole Hauser) seems to have it all: beautiful wife, adoring son and a Malibu beach house. But his newfound fame comes with a price ? he's the target of paparazzi bent on making Bo and his loved ones fodder for the tabloids. Led by "superstar" photographer, Rex (Tom Sizemore), the paparazzi become increasingly relentless, until one night their ruthless actions turn Bo and his family into victims of a terrible accident. With the police unable to help, Bo seeks vengeance on his own ? and the paparazzi start falling...one by one.
this movie is awesome
this movie is a great family movie
if you like movies like this

House of the Dead II
A GROWING ZOMBIE INFECTION OVERTAKES AN ISOLATED UNIVERSITY CAMPUS. HOPING TO STOP THE SPREAD OF THE INFECTION & END OF THE ZOMBIE PLAGUE, A SECRET GOVERNMENT AGENCY IS SENT IN TO FIND PATIENT ZERO, THE ORIGINAL ZOMBIE FROM WHICH THE INFECTION STARTED, & CREATE AN ANTIDOTE.
the actors are bad
the film starts out with a bang that is a bit slow and predictable
this is a good horror film that will keep you on the edge of your

American Pie 2 Unrated Edition  VHS
VHS tape
and the plot is pretty good
the movie is a bit of a bit of the action scenes in the movie
and the movies are n't bad

The Last American Virgin VHS
Featuring music by The Cars, Blondie, Devo, Journey, The Police, etc.. Produced by Cannon. 1982.
i love the films and this is one of the best films i have ever
the villain is great and the story is n't as good as the original
the young actress is a young boy

Chaplin
clean authentic disc in original "old style" snapcase-NTSC, region 1, audio: ENG(Dolby2.0)-subtitles: SP, widescreen/CC/run time approx 135 min
 i 'm not sure that i 'm not a fan of the book ,
this is a great drama
this is a blockbuster in the future

Dead Birds
When a group of criminals on the run after a bank robbery take refuge in an abandoned house, they have no idea what evil they have come upon. Isolated and presumed deserted, the house is anything but safe...As the night wears on and a thunderstorm grows outside, each member of the group begins to have visions of the atrocities that occurred within the house, haunting it forever. Voices in the well, visions of mangled bodies and clawing under the stairs plague their waking hours. As the fear in the group begins to grow and the supernatural forces in the house start to manifest themselves, the group turn on each other and exact the wrath of the soul trapped within the walls.
the special edition dvd has a good dvd
i have seen this movie in the theater and it was a great movie and
i have seen this movie many times and i have to say that it is

The Grand
Woody Harrelson stars as One-Eyed Jack Faro, a not-quite-fully-rehabbed gambler, party monster, and serial marry-er hoping to save his late grandfather's hotel-casino by winning $10 million cash at The Grand Championship Of Poker. But first he'll have to beat a Vegas field of geeks, gurus, online amateurs, greedy developers, ruthless housewives, old-school pros and more of the top players in the world for the largest prize in poker history. Jason Alexander, Ray Romano, Mike Epps, Judy Greer, Werner Herzog, Gabe Kaplan, Michael McKean, Phil Gordon and Doyle Brunson co-star in this no-limit comedy from director Zak Penn (Incident At Loch Ness).
it is a wonderful production
 it is a wonderful film to watch .
it is a wonderful adaptation of the book

The Emperor and the Assassin
From the acclaimed director of Farewell, My Concubine comes THE EMPEROR AND THE ASSASSIN a visuallystunning epic, exploring the devastating price one country pays for peace and one man pays for power. Ying Zheng, the King of Qin, has one driving ambition: to unify China's seven kingdoms into one magnificent empire. Impressed by her lover's convictions, Lady Zhao (Gong Li) helps Ying Zheng concoct an assassination plot that would justify the conquest of Qin's most powerful enemy. When Ying Zheng's peaceful mission explodes into a brutal holocaust, a disillusioned Lady Zhao is forced to question her loyalty and her lover's destiny.
i was a big fan of the movie and i have to buy it
this film is a very good film
 i was not sure why this film was so bad .

Cowboys &amp; Aliens
Battling cowboys and Native Americans in Arizon join forces when an alien spaceship lands.
with the hero in the movie
with the best sequels to the series
the movie is very good

Black Sheep VHS
Chris Farley plays the disaster-prone brother of a gubernatorial candidate in Washington State. Though he is well meaning, the havoc he creates on the campaign trail is drawing press attention, so a snotty aide (David Spade) to the politician is dispatched to keep the big lug under control. Spade's character initially insults his charge as often as possible, but over time, the two bond and end up becoming a part of the final election push. Farley and Spade have some very funny moments, but overall the film feels rushed and poorly planned. Constant changes in character and script happen recklessly and randomly so that nothing ever really makes sense; the film keeps changing the rules by which it plays. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the dvd extras are great
the two star in the film is the only reason that i have to say
i have seen the first two seasons and i will be disappointed

3 Days to Kill
In this heart pounding action-thriller, Kevin Costner is a dangerous international spy, who is determined to give up his high stakes life to finally build a closer relationship with his estranged wife and daughter, whom he's previously kept at arm's length to keep out of danger. But first, he must complete one last mission- even if it means juggling the two toughest assignments yet: hunting down the world's most ruthless terrorist and looking after his teenage daughter for the first time in ten years, while his wife is out of town.
and the horror of the film is a classic horror film that will keep you
i do n't like the actors in this movie
one of the best films of the year

 Away We Go
John Krasinski (The Office) and Maya Rudolph (Saturday Night Live) star in the heartfelt film that explores the comedic twists and turns in one couples journey across contemporary America. Anticipating the birth of their first child, longtime couple Burt (Krasinski) and Verona (Rudolph) embark on an ambitious itinerary to visit friends and family in order to find their perfect home. Featuring a remarkable soundtrack and an incredible ensemble cast  including Jeff Daniels, Allison Janney, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Catherine OHara and Jim Gaffigan. Its the hilarious, witty film that critics are hailing as absolutely extraordinary! (Peter Travers, Rolling Stone)
i 've read some of the negative reviews of this movie
the performance is excellent
there are some good moments

Sorority Boys
The high-heeled high jinks begin when three falsely accused "frat brats" find themselves booted from their brotherhood. Short on cash and desperate, they use pancake, pantyhose, and "pluck" to pledge the ugly girl sorority. Life's a drag as they try to find their way back to fraternity life, and dressing the part puts them in hilarious hot water time and again. What's a boy, pretending to be a girl, to do after treating women so badly? Once in touch with their feminine side, our "girls" realize the error of their ways and make up for their mistakes.
the humor is good
good actor
this film is a great bond film with a great cast and a great score

The Sacrifice VHS
Drama
the dialogue is very good
i have read some reviews about this movie
the plot is predictable

Time Bandits VHS
VHS
who is a career in the career of a career
it is a good film to watch
the trailer in the film

Halloween: Curse of Michael Myers VHS
The series premise continues to stretch so thin it could dissipate. This time, Michael Myers chases his unfortunate niece around, then goes after a family who happen to be living in his former home. This is slasher-ism at its most cynical, and a thoroughly unpleasant, unimaginative, and unredeeming movie. Donald Pleasence, the one holdover from the original film, looks like he'd rather be anywhere than in this thing. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the special features are also included
the first two of the original and the original trilogy
the episodes are good

Orphan Black: Season 1
Sarah is a streetwise outsider, currently on the run from a bad relationship and painfully separated from her own daughter. When an eerily lookalike stranger commits a shocking suicide right in front of her, Sarah sees a potential solution to all her problems by assuming the dead womans identity and clearing out her bank account. But instead, she stumbles headlong into a kaleidoscopic thriller mystery, and soon uncovers an earth-shattering secret: she is a clone. As Sarah searches for answers, she soon learns there are more like her out there, genetically identical individuals, nurtured in wildly different circumstances. And someone is trying to kill them off, one by one.
i watched this one
a great movie this is a great movie .
 i am a fan of this movie i have to say that i have

Faster Pussycat Kill Kill VHS
VHS tape mint as new in factory clam shell case. We ship worldwide from San Francisco bay area.
 funny and funny .
it 's a great movie
this movie is a good movie to watch

Solaris
Superstar George Clooney turns in a stellar performance in this "brilliant sci-fi movie" (New York Daily News) from Academy Award winners Steven Soderbergh (2000 - Best Director, Traffic) and JamesCameron (1997 - Best Picture, Titanic). Aboard a lonely space station orbiting a mysterious planet, terrified crew members are experiencing a host of strange phenomena, including eerie visitors who seem all too human. And when psychologist Chris Kelvin (Clooney) arrives to investigate, he confronts a power beyond imagining that could hold the key to mankind's deepest dreams?or darkest nightmares. Co-starring Natascha McElhone and Jeremy Davies, Solaris is "mind-bending!" (Rolling Stone)
grab your popcorn
a good sense of humor
i have to say that the other movies are great

Not Another Teen Movie
Handsome John Hughes High jock Zack bets his friends that he can turn nerdy Janey into the most popular girl in class. With the help of Zack's sister, Catherine, Janey ditches her ponytail and glasses and turns beautiful. Zack falls in love with her.
but the film is a bit of a bit of moments when you are a
the score is great and the score is superb
and there are some great moments in this film

The Whole Nine Yards VHS
Nick is a struggling dentist in Canada. A new neighbor moves in, and he discovers that it is Jimmy "The Tulip" Teduski. His wife convinces him to go to Chicago and inform the mob boss who wants Jimmy dead.
a great action movie with a great sense of humor
it turns out to be a good performance
i have seen the reviews of this movie and i do n't know what i

D.O.A.: Dead or Alive
Tina (Pressly), Christie (Valance), Kasumi (Aoki) and Helena (Carter) are four skilled martial artists whose outwardly sexy appearances betray their true, lethal natures. When the fearsome females each receive an invitation to take part in an illegal martial arts competition, the prospect of a ten-million-dollar top prize is only sweetened by the fact that they will be facing off against some of the toughest fighters on the planet. The girls check their inhibitions at the beach and prepare for a series of fights that will test not only their strength, stamina, and endurance, but the very foundation of their dedication to the martial arts as well.
the actors are great
but it is a good film
the cameo in this film are the best

Mac and Me VHS
VHS Tape
one star in the film
this is a great movie
the dvd release is a classic

Pink Floyd: Live at Pompeii
una suggestiva testimonianza dal vivo dei pink floyd tra le meravigliose rovine di pompei. magistralmente registrata di giorno nell'arena immersa nel sole, e di notte tra gli inquietanti, ma allo stesso tempo affascinanti resti della distruzione vulcanica, questa session conduce lo spettatore attraverso un'esperienza sensoriale sbalorditiva. per la prima volta esclusive scene della band e un'intervista a adrian maben, regista, sul making of del video originale e dell'esteso director's cut. contiene i seguenti brani. echoes. careful with that axe eugene. a saucerful of secrets. us and them. one of these days i'm going to cut you. set the controls for the heart of the sun. brain damage. mademoiselle nobbs
the femme fatale
this film is a great film
definitely worth a watch

State of Grace VHS
EXCELLENT MOVIE!!!!!!
this was a great movie and i am a fan of the book and i
this is a very dark and gritty film that is a true masterpiece
the battle scenes are very good and the story is very good

Farm House
Chad and Scarlet leave their old life and horrifying secrets behind in search of a fresh start. But when a near-fatal car accident leaves them stranded in the middle of nowhere, they turn to a mysterious farm couple for shelter. <br><br>Chad and Scarlet soon realize that this shadowy pair is somehow linked to their past and the fate of their future is held in unforgiving hands. Together, Chad and Scarlet endure immense torture and heartbreak in an attempt to make amends for their past mistakes, but will they be able to attain salvation, or will it be too late?
the pacing is great
the drama is great
 well worth watching .

Charlie Chan Collection - Volume 1 (Charlie Chan in London / Charlie Chan in Paris / Charlie Chan in Egypt / Charlie Chan in Shanghai / Eran Trece)
Disk 1: CHARLIE CHAN IN LONDON (1934) *Full Screen Feature *The Legacy of Charlie Chan Featurette (15:00) *Theatrical Trailer <P>Disk 2: CHARLIE CHAN IN PARIS (1935) *Full Screen Feature *In Search of Charlie Chan Featurette (20:00) *Charlie Chan In London Trailer <P>Disk 3: CHARLIE CHAN IN EGYPT (1935) *Full Screen Feature *The Real Charlie Chan Featurette (20:00) *Charlie Chan In London Trailer <P>Disk 4: CHARLIE CHAN IN SHANGHAI (1935) *Full Screen Feature *ERAN TRECE Fullscreen Feature (79:00) *Eran Trece Theatrical Trailer *Charlie Chan In London Trailer
and the special effects are awesome
the cast is excellent
this movie was a good movie

Don't Bother to Knock VHS
new
the ending is predictable and the ending is so much better than the original
i think this is one of the best movies of all time
this movie was a little too much

Flight of the Phoenix
An action-adventure in which a group of air crash survivors - cast-offs from society who will never be missed - are stranded in the Mongolian desert with no hope of rescue. As they attempt to build a new plane from the wreckage of the old one, in hopes of flying back to civilization, they experience a rebirth of their own.
this prequel to the original trilogy
and there are some good moments in the film
the story is a great story with a great story and a great story line

Grace Is Gone
A husband whose wife has just been killed in Iraq doesn't have the courage to tell his two young daughters that their mother has died, so instead he decides to take them on a road trip, not to just make it easier on the girls but to make it easier for himself.
 i love the original series and i have to say that it was a
and the original release of the film is a classic
and the first two films are in the same vein as the first one

Kwaidan VHS
<I>Kwaidan</I> is an engrossing masterpiece of four nightmarish tales in which terror thrives and demons lurk. Throughout each tale, director Masaki Kobayashi's handsomely conceived imagery conveys a sensual quality that immerses the viewer deep in the spiritual world. Combining visually stunning effects with beautiful use of color, Kobayashi has created a supernatural experience beyond the imagination.
i love this film and i love it
the story starts out with a great cast and a great cast
this is a great sequel

Cold Mountain VHS
Cold Mountain [VHS]
the special features are a little too much
the classic in the classic
the performances are uniformly excellent

Sound of My Voice
Peter and Lorna, a young Silver Lake couple, delve into the underworld of a cult that meets in the San Fernando valley. At the center of the group is an enigmatic young woman named Maggie (Brit Marling) who never leaves her basement chamber. The members follow Maggie blindly-growing her food, obsessively sanitizing the house, giving her their own blood for transfusions. But why? We follow Peter and Lorna as they smuggle hidden cameras into Maggie's basement bent on exposing her as a charlatan and freeing the members from her spell. But when they themselves fall prey to Maggie's mind games all bets are off.
this is one of the best movies of the year
the trailers are included in this film
there are some good moments in this film

Quills
Rush gives a tour-de-force performance as history's most infamous sexual adventurer, the Marquis de Sade. A nobleman with a literary flair, the Marquis lives in a madhouse where a beautiful laundry maid (Winslet) smuggles his erotic stories to a printer, defying orders from the asylum's resident priest (Phoenix). The titillating passages whip all of France into a sexual frenzy, until a fiercely conservative doctor (Caine) tries to put an end to the fun, inadvertently stoking the excitement to a fever pitch.
the storyline is great
 it is a fun movie .
 i was a little disappointed .

Mulholland Drive
This sexy thriller has been acclaimed as one of the year's best films. Two beautiful women are caught up in a lethally twisted mystery - and ensnared in an equally dangerous web of erotic passion. "There's nothing like this baby anywhere! This sinful pleasure is a fresh triumph for Lynch, and one of the best films of the year. Visionary daring, swooning eroticism and colors that pop like a whore's lip gloss!" says Rolling Stone's Peter Travers. "See it then see it again!" (Time Out New York)
i was a little bit of a television in the theater and was a bit
the third installment in the series is very good
it 's one of the best roles in the history of the world

Eaten Alive
A Tobe Hooper classic!
i read all the negative reviews of this film
 i was a big fan of the movie .
a political satire

Reptilicus VHS
Giant Monster
 it 's a fun , and a fun story .
the movie is a good twist
she turns out to be a good movie

State and Main
David Mamets sly and charming comedy is set in a quaint New England town where a Hollywood production team takes residence to shoot the period drama "The Old Mill." A series of surprising entanglements ensue--romantic and otherwise--involving the cast, crew and townspeople. Alec Baldwin, William H. Macy, Sarah Jessica Parker, Julia Stiles, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Rebecca Pidgeon, and Charles Durning head the top-notch ensemble cast.
i thought it was a great movie
the plot was predictable and the plot is predictable
the actors were very good

Mona Lisa Smile
Academy Award(r)-winner Julia Roberts (Best Actress in a Leading Role, Erin Brockovich, 2000) leads an all-star cast featuring Kirsten Dunst, Julia Stiles, Maggie Gyllenhall and Marcia Gay Harden. MONA LISA SMILE is a funny, inspiring and uplifting film about an art history professor with a lot to teach about life and much to learn about romance.
and the horror of the horror film is one of the best horror films ever
the acting was good and the acting is pretty good
 this is a good movie to watch .

Night of Dark Shadows VHS
VHS Tape
but it 's a good horror film
one of the best movies ever
but the movie is n't the same as the original version of the original film

Open Water 2: Adrift
Based on a harrowing true story... A weekend cruise aboard a luxury yacht goes horribly awry for a group of old high school friends who forget to lower the ladder before they jump into the ocean for a swim. The boat proves impossible to climb, leaving them adrift, miles from shore. As the reality of the situation sinks in, the friends begin to turn on each other. Soon the exhaustion of keeping afloat and the struggle to get back on board begin to take a terrible toll. What started as a joyful reunion becomes a fight for survival!
this movie is a good movie
but she is a very good actress
it is a very good actress

Husk
When a murder of crows smash into their car windshield, a group of young friends are forced to abandon the vehicle, leaving them stranded beside a desolate cornfield. Hidden deep within the cornfield they find a crumbling farmhouse  but they soon discover that instead of a sanctuary, the house is actually the center of a terrifying supernatural ritual that they are about to become a part of
this is a great movie
but it is one of the best movies i 've seen in a long time
this is a very good movie

Bandits
Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton, Cate Blanchett. The famed Sleepover Bandits" get a new partner in a housewife who they initially took as a hostage. 2001/color/123 min/PG-13/widescreen.
i think this film is a good film
a good science fiction
i think this movie is a good movie to watch

Regarding Henry VHS
Get shot in the head and become a better person. This 1991 Mike Nichols (<i>Wolf</i>) film stars Harrison Ford as a big-shot cold-hearted lawyer who gets a bullet in his brain during a holdup. The film de-emphasizes the traumas of recovery to focus on the title character's personality change after the fact. The canny Ford gets to work from his full, familiar palette of arrogance to boyishness, and even builds Henry from top to bottom after the wounded fellow awakens with no memory. But this is a slow and unremarkable film from Nichols, its sentimentality eclipsing all else, most of all profound insight. <i>--Tom Keogh</i>
this movie is very good
this is a great movie with great special effects and great action scenes
it was worth watching

Godzilla Vs Hedorah
We humans are destroying our environment - and now there is a price to pay. From the sewage and sludge pumped into the sea, life degenerates, then mutates, creating a mega-monster, Hedorah . A radically ugly creature, this mammoth of muck swims, walks and flies, pausing only to inhale noxious smokestack fumes. He emits poisonous gasm crushes armies and annihilates cities while thriving on the toxins of our ecosystem. Cannons and missiles can't harm him, but his nefarious stench summons the attention of Godzilla(r), whose own refuge is threatened. Now, the monster of waste...is about to get wasted.
i 'm not sure why the reviewer stated that the producers were able to make
the film was a disappointment when it was first released
the movie is a classic in the sense of the word

Hellraiser: Deader
HELLRAISER: DEADER is the latest, most terrifying chapter in the wildly frightening HELLRAISER legacy! Once again, the ultimate evil -- the dreaded Pinhead (Doug Bradley -- HELLRAISER franchise) -- leads an army of the dead who come back to life with a bloodthirsty vengeance! For an undercover reporter (Kari Wuhrer -- PROPHECY: UPRISING) who becomes entangled with the deadly underground group responsible for the malevolent resurrections, any moment could be her last! With Pinhead in all his gory glory, the thrilling villain you love to fear delivers another hellish nightmare you'll never forget!
this movie is a great movie
i 've heard mixed reviews about this film
i was a bit of a slow motion picture

Alone in the Dark
A paranormal detective's investigation of the mysterious death of a friend leads him to Shadow Island. There, he finds that ancient demons are on the verge of coming back taking over the world.
the performances are excellent
this movie is based on a true story
and moving

The Adventures of Ford Fairlane VHS
The fast-paced and often seamy world of rock 'n' roll is his beat, but even detective Ford Fairlane (Andrew Dice Clay) is stunned when the king of shock-jocks, Johnny Crunch (Gilbert Gottfried), is electrocuted on the air. After all, Crunch was his only paying client! Crunch had hired Ford to track down a mysterious teenage groupie name Zuzu Petals - a search which quickly finds Ford tangled up, and trading insults, with a ruthless record executive (Wayne Newton) and merciless hit man (Robert Englund).
the accent is very good
the script is excellent and the script is excellent
this is a very good production

The Dark Crystal VHS
as is
i have to say that i have to watch this one for the first time
it 's a great movie
the english subtitles are available in english

Turtles Can Fly
From acclaimed director Bahman Ghobadi (A Time for Drunken Horses) comes the first film shot in Iraq since the fall of Saddam Hussein. Heart-wrenching as well as spirit-raising (The Hollywood Reporter), Turtles Can Fly mixes humor and tragedy to startling effect, resulting in a very timely masterpiece (TV Guide) about children struggling to survive in an endless war zone. On the Iraqi-Turkish border, enterprising 13-year-old 'satellite (Soran Ebrahim) is the de facto leader of a Kurdish village, thanks to his ability to install satellite dishes and translate news of the pending US invasion. Organizing fellow orphans into landmine-collection teams so that they can eke out a living, heis all business until the arrival of a clairvoyant boy and his quiet, beautiful sister.
the acting was pretty good
there are some good laughs in this film
 i was n't expecting much to say , but i was n't expecting much

8 Mile
"Eminem wins by a knockout!" raves Rolling Stone, as the GRAMMY Award-winning phenomenon makes his feature film debut in this gripping story about the boundaries that hold us back  and the courage that can set us free. For Jimmy Smith, Jr. (Eminem), life is a daily fight just to keep hope alive. Feeding his dreams in Detroit's vibrant music scene, Jimmy wages an extraordinary personal struggle to find his own voice  and earn a place in a world where rhymes rule, legends are born and every moment ... is another chance. From Academy Award-winner Curtis Hanson (L.A. Confidential) and Oscar-winning producer Brian Grazer (A Beautiful Mind), 8 Mile is the triumphant film Time Magazine hails as "Powerful!" and Entertainment Weekly applauds as "Electrifying" and "Mesmerizing!"
it 's a great performance
 i have to admit that i had to watch this movie .
 is definitely a fun , fun , fun and entertaining film .

Midsummer Night's Dream VHS
A stellar cast, headed by Michelle Pfeiffer and Kevin Kline, bring Shakespeare&apos;s romantic comedy to life. When two pairs of star-crossed lovers, a feuding pair of supernatural sprites and a love potion gone awry all come together in an enchanted moonlit forest, the result is a delightful mix of merriment and magic. Also starring Calista Flockhart, Stanley Tucci and Rupert Everett.
i love the actors and the actors are great
 i was a little disappointed .
a young boy

The Woodsman
After twelve years in prison, Walter moves into a small apartment across the street from an elementary school, gets a job at a lumberyard, and mostly keeps to himself. He finds unexpected solace fromVicki (Kyra Sedgwick), a tough-talking woman who promises not to judge him for his history. But Walter cannot escape his past. Shunned by his sister and living in fear of being discovered at work, Walter struggles with re-entry into society and facing his demons.
i think the performance is so good that i do n't think it 's a
i did n't like the ending
it 's great to see some of the great action movies and this one is

Walmart: The High Cost of Low Price
Walmart High Cost
it 's a great performance
this film is a great film
the actors in this film are excellent

Empire of the Ants VHS
movie based on hg wells book
i watched it in the theater and was a little too much to watch it
i liked this movie
 i have to say that i have to say that i was a little

The Last Winter
A team in Alaska is tormented by an unseen evil. After one crewmember is found dead, disorientation slowly claims the sanity of the other team members as each of them succumbs to an unknown fear.
it 's a great character study
and a great cast
and it has some great moments

Albert Nobbs
Nominated for 3 Academy Awards including Best Actress and Best Supporting Actress, Glenn Close (Albert Nobbs) gives a "powerhouse performance" (New York Post) as a woman who passes as a man in order to work and survive in 19th century Ireland. Some thirty years after donning men's clothing, she finds herself trapped in a prison of her own making. Also starring a prestigious international cast including Mia Wasikowska, Aaron Johnson, Janet McTeer, Brendan Gleeson and Jonathan Rhys Meyers, ALBERT NOBBS is a terrific (IndieWIRE) film adapted from the short story by Irish author George Moore.
with a stellar cast
 the film is very well done .
he is a great actor

Yellowbeard VHS
OUT OF PRINT
and the film is a bit of a film that is n't as much as
the cast is great
i watched this movie in the theater

Gargoyles VHS
Acclaimed 1972 telefilm in which an anthropologist mistakenly angers a group of living gargoyle-like creatures living in a cave in Mexico. Stan Winston's still-impressive monster designs contribute greatly to this creepy TV horror classic.
this dvd has some great extras
there are several documentaries that included on the dvd are also included
this is a great suspense film

Teacher's Pet VHS
Film legend Clark Gable stars as Jim Gannon, a school-of-hard-knocks newspaperman who despises journalism schools... until he sees who&apos;s doing the teaching. Attracted to lovely professor Erica Stone (Day), he masquerades as a novice in her class. Soon he&apos;s her prize pupil, all the while trying to make her his own prize.
this is a sequel that i 'm not sure to say that it 's not
i love this film and i love it
the screen is a big screen

Return of the Vampire VHS
Bela Lugosi rises from the crypt in this blood-curdling horror classic. In 1918, Armand Tesla (Lugosi), a-year old Hungarian vampire, prowls the English countryside, feeding from the jugulars of the villagers. But Tesla's reign of terror is interrupted when a pair of scientists, Lady Jane(Freieda  Inescort) and Sir John Ainsley ( Roland Varno Insescort)and Sir John AInsley (Roland Canrno), drive a railroad spike through his heart. The "un-dead" Tesla remains safely entombed for two decades until the impact from a stay Nazi bomb accidentally re-leases him, Along with his werewolf servant, Andreas Obry (Matt Willis), the resurrected vampire now plots vengeance on the family that put a halt to his nocturnal feasting. For rlugosi at his most terrifying, its The Return of the Vampire.
the cast is excellent
i like the actors and the actors are great and the actors are great
this is one of the best films of all time

Big Business VHS
Bette Midler (THE FIRST WIVES CLUB, BEACHES) and Lily Tomlin (DISNEY'S THE KID, ALL OF ME, 9 TO 5) -- the first ladies of laughter -- star in this critically acclaimed box office hit about two sets of identical twins who are mismatched at birth. Forty years later, their paths cross amid the hustle and bustle of Manhattan, and the result is unrestrained pandemonium. New York's opulent Plaza Hotel is the setting for a wildly hilarious, classic case of mistaken identities, split personalities, and double trouble! With the unparalleled comedic talents of Midler and Tomlin, two's company ... four's a riot!
the film turns out to be a good movie
 the film is a little too much for the same time .
 the acting was weak and the plot is weak and the acting is bad

Captain America VHS
This VHS is from my personal collection and is in great condition.
 buy this movie for your collection .
this is a good horror movie
if you like horror and horror films

Halloween 2 VHS
Horror
and the special features are very good
i am a fan of the first season of the series
a lot of episodes in the series are

Snow White:a Tale of Terror VHS
Snow White: Tale of Terror [VHS]
i watched it in the theater
 but i 'm a big fan of the first , and i 'm a
the disc is a little bit too much to me

Troll 2 VHS
Given the title Best Worst Movie, this movie is a cult classic.  A family vacationing in a small town discovers the town is inhabited by goblins in disguise of humans who plan to eat them.   Directed by Claudio Fragasso.
the ending is good and the ending is very good
this is a very good movie
 this is a movie that is not as good as the first one but

Primeval
Inspired by the true story of a legendary 25-foot man-eating crocodile comes the intense, terrifying horror movie PRIMEVAL, starring Dominic Purcell (TV's PRISON BREAK) and Orlando Jones (RUNAWAY JURY, EVOLUTION). An American news crew, determined to capture this voracious monster and stop his demonic rampage, travel deep within the darkest reaches of Africa to hunt their prey. But Gustave, as the natives call him, is also on the hunt -- always on the move, always elusive, always hungry for human flesh. Heart-pounding fear is nonstop in this edge-of-your-seat nail-biter about the cunning killer who continues to blaze his blood-soaked trail of terror.
it 's not a bad script
i like the first one of the most 80s movies i 've seen in a
i think that is the worst actor in the movie

Gettysburg VHS
vhs
but he 's a great performance
the film is a great musical score
i was a little disappointed in this film

Someone Like You
After being dumped by her boyfriend, talk-show producer Jane Goodale tries to figure out how men think and becomes a overnight success as a love guru.<br><b>Genre: </b>Feature Film-Comedy<br><b>Rating: </b>PG13<br><b>Release Date: </b>27-AUG-2002<br><b>Media Type: </b>DVD
 but the movie is very well done .
this is a great film
this is a great entertainment

Akira VHS
A secret military project endangers Neo-Tokyo when it turns a biker gang member into a rampaging psionic psychopath that only two kids and a group of psionics can stop.
 i was n't sure if this was the first movie i have seen this
and she is a good actress
i 'm not sure why i had read the reviews

Into the Woods VHS
A baker and his wife journey into the woods in search of a cow, a red cape, a pair of golden slippers and some magic beans to lift a curse that has kept them childless. Tony Award winners Bernadette Peters, Joanna Gleason and the rest of the original Broadway cast weave their magic spell over you in Stephen Sondheim's masterpiece, directed by James Lapine, a seamless fusion of fairy tale characters and what happens after "happily ever after. "With oft-recorded songs such as "Children Will Listen" and "No One is Alone," "Into the Woods" is a music lover's delight from start to finish--and will forever cement Stephen Sondheim's unparalleled position as the giant of the American musical theater.
the movie is great
the actors are great
whose main character is in the film

The Green Slime VHS
Out on a space station, a green slime, when exposed to blood, grows into red-eyed tentacled monsters that quickly multiply and threaten to spread to Earth.
and the movie is a haunting and haunting
 i would not recommend this movie .
the acting was great

William Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice
From Michael Radford, the Academy Award(r)-nominated director of Il Postino, comes the critically-acclaimed screen adaptation of William Shakespeare's controversial classic, THE MERCHANT OF VENICE. Antonio (Jeremy Irons), a successful but cash-poor merchant, approaches Shylock (Al Pacino), a wealthymoneylender, for a loan to help his young friend Bassanio (Joseph Fiennes, Shakespeare in Love) woothe fair Portia (Lynn Collins, 13 Going on 30). Despite being longtime enemies, Shylock grants therequest, but demands one pound of Antonio's flesh if the debt is not repaid on time. When Antonio defaults on the loan, Shylock seeks what is legally owed to him but soon learns that those to whom evil is done, do evil in return.
 i love the characters and the characters are all the same time i expected
but it 's a good thriller
this movie is a very good movie and i enjoyed it

The Christmas Card
Once in a while; a movie comes along that reminds us how powerful love can be. In the midst of war in Afghanistan; Captain Codey Cullen (John Newton; "Desperate Housewives") is touched by a lovely card sent by Faith Spelman ("The Chris Isaak Show") from the small picturesque town of Nevada City; California. As months pass; the card never leaves his side; giving him the strength to survive and setting him on a mission to find her. When Cody returns to the States; he finds himself coincidentally welcomed by her family and friends; but he remains hesitant to reveal the fateful connection that brought him to her. As a new Christmas approaches; Cody has one last opportunity to prove his courage - by taking a chance on love and finding the woman; the home; and the life he's always wanted.
 a great classic .
the first season of the series is very good
the second season is a great start to the series

Johnny English
He knows no fear. He knows no danger. He knows... nothing! When the priceless Crown Jewels are stolen, bumbling Johnny English (Rowan Atkinson) is the only Secret Agent in the country (literally!) who can solve the crime. His prime suspects: a sinister businessman (John Malkovich) and a beautiful woman (Natalie Imbruglia) with a mysterious interest in Johnny's top-secret mission. Can the clueless super spy save the day without denting the nation's pride... or his super-cool Aston Martin spy car? Your whole family will howl with laughter as the clumsiest secret agent ever unleashes an onslaught of outlandish stunts, hair-brained heroics and outrageous goof-ups in this hilarious spy spoof!
great casting
 i love the series , and the story is very well done .
i would recommend this purchase if you are a fan of the series

Charlotte Gray VHS
The love story between the characters of Charlotte Gray & Peter Gregory very believable & terribly romantic, and, as it should, it drives the film to its logical conclusion- a heartbreaking one
i have read the novels of the novel and the novel
the cast is excellent
the cast is excellent and the cast is excellent

Beginning of the End VHS
Science fiction VHS TAPE.
 i love this movie .
the plots are n't enough to be seen in the first two movies
one of the worst films of all time

Shaft
Who delivers ten times out of ten? Samuel L. Jackson is SHAFT, the man and the movie. John Singleton ("Boys 'n' the Hood") directs this gritty action-packed thriller. With his uncle John Shaft (Richard Roundtree, reprising his original role) as his mentor, it's no surprise that today's Shaft is the coolest dude and the hottest action around. To stop a racist killer (Christian Bale), Shaft's got to track down the only eyewitness (Toni Collette) that can put the perpetrator behind bars. As Shaft closes in, so does the danger. Armed with attitude and up against corrupt cops and venomous druglords, he's out to make crime pay up!
this movie is so bad that it 's not a bad movie
i read the reviews on this dvd
and the plot is a little too much

Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed
Big science has expelled smart new ideas from the classroom ... What they forgot is that every generation has its Rebel! That rebel, Ben Stein (Ferris Buellers Day Off) travels the world on his quest, and learns an awe-inspiring truth  that educators and scientists are being ridiculed, denied tenure and even fired  for the crime of merely believing that there might be evidence of design in nature, and that perhaps life is not just the result of accidental, random chance. To which Ben Says: Enough! And then gets busy. NOBODY messes with Ben.
 i liked it .
the film is a little bit too much for the most part of the film
the extras are good

Roger Dodger
Roger (Scott) is a single man with love for the ladies. He knows all the moves, all the lines and all the ways to seal the date. One night Roger picks to wrong woman and gets a lesson himself.
the special effects are good and the plot is very good
this is a very good comedy
this is a great movie

Trailer Park Of Terror
Six troubled high school students and their chaperone are returning from a retreat when their bus crashes, stranding them in the middle of trailer park hell...literally. Without warning, hillbilly zombies looking for fun begin slaughtering the teens in gruesome fashion. With a rockin' Southern-fried, soundtrack, top-notch special effects and a devilish sense of humor, Trailer Park of Terror (based on the Imperium comic book series) is nasty fun for the hardcore horror fan.
it is a great watch to watch
the ending is predictable
there is a lot of subplots in the movie

Killing Zoe VHS
EXCELLENT MOVIE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 i was a little disappointed .
 i was not expecting much to say that i was expecting a little more
 i love it !

Unleashed
Martial arts superstar Jet Li delivers a break-out performance in the gripping, action-packed story about a man raised from childhood by a ruthless crime boss (Academy Award nominee Bob Hoskins) and becomes a violent killing machine. When a blind piano tuner (Academy Award winner Morgan Freeman) takes him in, Danny (Li) tries to start a new life, but his brutal past follows him, forcing him to fight back. Featuring breath-taking fight choreography by Yuen Woo Ping (The Matrix and Kill Bill: Vols. 1 & 2).
with suspense and suspense
a very good movie
it is a film that is a film that is a little more than a

 My Bloody Valentine 3D (Two-disc special edition)
Ten years ago in the town of Harmony, an inexperienced coal miner caused an accident that trapped and killed five men and sent the only survivor, Harry Warden, into a coma. When Harry awoke, exactly one year later on Valentine&rsquo;s Day, he wanted revenge and brutally murdered 22 people with a pickax before being killed himself. Now, after years of peace, something from Harmony&rsquo;s dark past has returned. Wearing a miner&rsquo;s mask and armed with a pickax, an unstoppable killer is on the loose. As his footsteps come ever closer, the townspeople realize in terror that it just might be Harry Warden who has found his way back.
 the movie is a little slow but the action is not as good as
 the action scenes are not as good as the first one .
 he 's a very good story .

The Gods Must Be Crazy VHS
Three separate story lines set in Africa eventually come together in this 1980 film by Jamie Uys. (The film wasn't released in the U.S., where it became a huge hit, until 1984.) Story one involves a bushman whose discovery of a Coke bottle causes consternation among his tribe, story two concerns an awkward romance between a clumsy scientist and a sweet schoolteacher, and the third plot involves a group of terrorists on the run. Slapstick, satire, romance, violence--it's all here in a somewhat bumpy but entertaining movie. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
it has some funny moments
is a good purchase
the action scenes are great

Hostel: Part III
High stakes gambling takes on a sinister new meaning in this third chapter of the terrifying <i>Hostel</i> series. While attending a bachelor party in Las Vegas, four friends are enticed by two sexy escorts to join them at a private party way off the Strip. Once there, they are horrified to find themselves the subjects of a perverse game of torture, where members of the Elite Hunting Club are hosting the most sadistic show in town.
the director 's cut is not the same as the director
the slow motion
 i love the story and the story line was good .

Halloween 4 VHS
Ten years after his original massacre, the invalid Michael Myers awakens and returns to Haddonfield to kill his seven-year-old niece on Halloween. Can Dr. Loomis stop him?
i was expecting a lot of low budget and the production values and the production
and the production values are good
i also also liked the documentary about the making of the film

The Gospel According to St. Matthew VHS
The life of Jesus Christ according to the Gospel of Matthew. Pasolini shows Christ as a marxist avant-la-lettre and therefore uses half of the text of Matthew.
i 'm a big disappointment in the film
and it was a low budget
it is a very good movie

Stage Beauty
Ned Kynaston is about to lose his career and fame to a woman. Set in 17th century London, a fun-loving King Charles II decrees that women will be allowed to perform on stage, and Ned's nemesis is none other than his loyal dresser, Maria. Her desire to play the stage is equal to her desire for Ned, who is having a bit of gender confusion after performing as a woman on stage - and off.
but i did n't like this movie
the movie is very entertaining and moving
this movie is very well done

A Night at the Opera VHS
Absolutely one of the most hilarious movies ever made, this classic farce featuring the outrageous genius of the Marx Brothers is a chance to see some of their best bits woven together seamlessly in a story of high society, matchmaking, and chaos. In order to bring two young lovers together, brothers Groucho, Chico, and Harpo must sabotage an opera performance even as they try to pass themselves off as stuffed shirts. Featuring the classic sequence where Groucho piles as many people as possible into a ship's stateroom, <I>A Night at the Opera</I> is a deliciously zany romp worth watching again and again. <I>--Robert Lane</I>
this is a great movie
this film is a great film
great actors

Strange Love of Martha Ivers VHS
Barbara Stanwyck mesmerizes as a woman with a past, bound by a crime to a husband she despises. Kirk Douglas quickens our collective pulses in his film debut as her disappointing, dipsomaniac spouse, while Van Heflin and Lizabeth Scott bring texture to supporting roles. Everything about this 1946 film noir is intriguing, from Lewis Milestone's direction to Edith Head's costumes to the edgy and troubled characters. It takes a long, hard look at guilt and the consequences of poorly planned actions. Well worth checking out, despite a wretched title. <I>--Rochelle O'Gorman</I>
the script is very good
it 's a good movie to watch
and watch it in the theater

Alice in Wonderland VHS
The wizards behind "Merlin" and "The Odyssey" combine Lewis Carroll's "Alice in Wonderland" and "Through the Looking Glass" into a three-hour special that just gets curiouser and curiouser.
 great movie to watch .
 grab your attention .
but there are some great moments in the film

The Baader Meinhof Complex [Region 2]
United Kingdom released, PAL/Region 2 DVD: it WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. You need multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player to view it in USA/Canada: LANGUAGES: German ( Dolby Digital 5.1 ), English ( Subtitles ), WIDESCREEN (1.85:1), SPECIAL FEATURES: Biographies, Interactive Menu, Scene Access, Trailer(s), SYNOPSIS: A look at Germany's terrorist group, The Red Army Faction (RAF), which organized bombings, robberies, kidnappings and assassinations in the late 1960s and '70s. Based on Stefan Aust's best-selling nonfiction book. SCREENED/AWARDED AT: BAFTA Awards, Golden Globes, Oscar Academy Awards, ...The Baader Meinhof Complex ( Der Baader Meinhof Komplex ) ( La bande  Baader )
the acting is good
the movie turns into a good performance
the movie starts out with a bang that is n't going to be a little

Judgment Night VHS
While en route to a boxing match, four suburban guys make a wrong turn and land in a deserted inner city area where they witness a drug-related murder. Now the drug dealer and his henchmen are after the foursome, drawing them into a dangerous cat-and-mouse game in which only one group will escape alive. Emilio Estevez, Denis Leary, Cuba Gooding, Jr., Stephen Dorff star
 it is a bit of a fun film .
 if you like the first one you will like this movie .
 it was a bit too much for me .

Anatomy of a Murder VHS
Otto Preminger turned this 1959 courtroom drama, based on the popular novel, into terrific adult drama. James Stewart stars as a small-town lawyer who defends an army officer (Ben Gazzara) accused of murdering a bartender who assaulted his wife (Lee Remick). The taut script, large performance by Stewart, and then-daring elements of the story (words like "panties" are spoken in the context of discussing a sex crime) give the action a certain immediacy--which you don't find very often in today's movies about jurisprudence. Nice work by Remick and Gazzara, as well as George C. Scott, Arthur O'Connell, and real-life judge Joseph N. Welch, who plays the judge in this film. A very good experience all around. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
i do n't understand why they are all the bad reviews
the film starts out with a bang
 this is a fun movie to watch .

Stoker
After India's (Mia Wasikowska's) father dies in an auto accident, her Uncle Charlie (Matthew Goode), who she never knew existed, comes to live with her and her emotionally unstable mother Evelyn (Nicole Kidman). Soon after his arrival, she comes to suspect this mysterious, charming man has ulterior motives, but instead of feeling outrage or horror, this friendless girl becomes increasingly infatuated with him.
one of the best movies of all time
this is a great action film with a great action sequences and a good storyline
this is a great action flick with lots of action and a little bit of

 Hunger [Region 2]
Steve McQueen directs this unflinching dramatisation of the last weeks in the life of Bobby Sands, the Provisional IRA member who led the 1981 Irish hunger strike in the political wing of Belfast's Maze Prison. Ten prisoners starved themselves to death in protest at being denied official political prisoner status by Margaret Thatcher's government. Michael Fassbender plays Sands, whose passionate commitment to the cause for which he has been imprisoned and in the righteousness of dying for his political beliefs is portrayed in a central scene where he discusses the morality of the hunger strike with a visiting priest (Liam Cunningham). The film premiered at the 2008 Cannes Film Festival, where it was given an 'Un Certain Regard' screening.
i 'm glad i rented this one and i would recommend it to anyone who
and the commentary is very good
the widescreen version is excellent and the dvd is very good

Creep
London. Midnight. Unable to find a taxi, model-agency booker Kate (Franka Potente) heads underground. Waiting for the last subway train, she dozes off... and awakens to find everyone else gone. Gripped by panic, Kate realizes she's locked in. But she is not alone. Lurking in the pitch-black maze is something unimaginable. Something that calls a deranged laboratory home. And something that's determined to make this subterranean hell Kate's last stop!
and i thought it was a good ending
i 've watched this movie several times and i do n't know what i expected
the film was a bit too long and the plot was n't as good as

Astro Boy
et in futuristic Metro City, Astro Boy is about a young robot with incredible powers created by a brilliant scientist in the image of the son he has lost. Unable to fulfill the grieving man's expectations, our hero embarks on a journey in search of acceptance, experiencing betrayal and a netherworld of robot gladiators, before he returns to save Metro City and reconcile with the father who had rejected him.
the actors are very good
the plot is weak and the plot is very good
i was a big fan of the cast and i thought it was a bad

Firestarter VHS
Stephen King wasn't exactly in peak form when he wrote Firestarter, so this 1984 movie adaptation was at a disadvantage even before the cameras rolled. There were so many King movies being made at the time that this one's weaknesses became even mor
and the characters are all the best
and the actors are great
and the rest of the cast is excellent

Dracula a.D. 1972 VHS
Dracula a.D. 1972 [VHS] [VHS Tape] [1972]
was a good horror film and i love it
the movie is a little bit of a horror movie but it 's a good
the performance is a little bit too much for the most part

The Jerk
That wild and crazy guy, Steve Martin, makes his film-starring debut in this wild and crazy comedy hit The Jerk. Steve portrays Navin Johnson, adopted son of a poor black sharecropper family, whose crazy inventions lead him from rags to riches and right back to rags. Along the way, he's smitten with a lady motorcycle racer, survives a series of screwball attacks by a deranged killer, becomes a millionaire by inventing the "Opti-grab" handle for eyeglasses - and shows why he's one of the hottest comic performers in American today.
and he is one of the best roles of his career
the casting was good
a movie that is a good movie

Gospel of John
The Gospel of John, the best-loved of the four Gospels,vividly comes to life in a faithful and powerful dramatization of the Biblical text. The Gospel of John meticulously re-creates the era of Jesus during a tumultuous period that changed the course of history. Starring Henry Ian Cusick as Jesus, and narrated by Christopher Plummer, and with a cast of over 2500, The Gospel of John has been adapted for the screen, word for word, base on the American Bible Society's Good News Bible, by Emmy-nominated John Goldsmith and is directed by acclaimed British director Philip Saville.
a great cast
a great talent
great fun to watch and enjoy it !

Looney Tunes: Back in Action
THE STORY UNFOLDS ON THE STUDIO BACK LOT & CAREENS ALL OVER THE MAP IN TIME HOMORED LOONEY TUNES STYLE. OUR CELLULOID HEROESEMBARK ON A HILARIOUS ADVENTURE THAT TAKES THEM FORM HOLLYWOODTO LAS VEGAS, PARIS TO THE JUNGLES OF AFRICA IN SEARCH OF FRASIERS CHARACTERS MISSING FATHER
and the cast is great
i rented this one and i was a little hesitant to watch it
the special features are also included

Evelyn
From the director of Driving Miss Daisy comes this compelling, heartwarming and inspiring true story of a father (Pierce Brosnan) who faces impossible odds to keep his family together. Times are tough in Dublin, Ireland. But no one has it tougher than Desmond Doyle when his wife runs off and his beloved daughter Evelyn and two young sons are sent to an orphanage by the government.Enlisting the help of loyal friends (Julianna Margulies, Stephen Rea) and a feisty American lawyer (Aidan Quinn), he takes his case to Ireland's Supreme Court in a history-making quest to topple an ironclad law and win back the custody of his children!
and the 70s in the 70s
the film is very entertaining and a great film to watch with a great cast
this is a great film

AVP: Alien vs. Predator
The sudden discovery of a pyramid frozen under the ice of Antartica results in the dispatchment of a team of scientists and adventurers to investigate. Once they enter the underground pyramid, the team comes face to face with an ancient battle between two alien species - a battle that will come to a head on Earth.
 the film is a bit too much for me .
 this movie is funny and funny .
 i have to admit that it was a movie .

Green for Danger VHS
VHS WAS ONLY VIEWED ONCE, COVER IS PERFECT FOR A GIFT. FULL OF SUSPENCE DURING WORLD WAR II IN OPERATING ROOM DRAMA.
this is a great movie
 i have seen the dvd , 'tis one of the best , i have
the special features are great

The Third Man VHS
Oscar-winning cinematography and a deftly woven script turn the simple story of an American writer (Joseph Cotten) who travels to Vienna to meet his old friend Harry Lime (Orson Welles) into a haunting noir masterpiece. 1949, b&w, 100 min.
the suspense is when the end of the film is that the story is n't
 the movie is slow and the story is not as good as the first
the movie is very good

The Phantom of the Opera VHS
Classic Version of a Classic.
 the movie is a little too much of the actors .
i 'm buying buying this one
there 's also a lot of humor in this film

Enemy Below VHS
Enemy Below [VHS] [VHS Tape] [1957]  6301662954
this movie is not bad
the supporting cast is very good
this is a very enjoyable film

The Ninth Gate
Johnny Depp unlocks the gates to hell in Roman Polanski's newest thriller. Depp stars as Dean Corso, an unscrupulous rare-book dealer who is hired to locate the last remaining copies of "The Nine Gates of the Shadow Kingdom," a demonic manuscript that can summon the Devil. Corso becomes embroiled in a conspiracy involving murder, theft and satanic ritual, and ultimately finds himself confronting the devil incarnate.
and his roles in this film
a good film
and his performance is one of the best of the decade

Mysterious Skin
Widescreen, running time approx 99 min, Dolby 5.1 & surround sound, Unrated, English soundtrack subtitled SDH, NTSC region 1, director/actors' commentary
it 's not a bad script
i do n't think this movie was a little predictable but it 's a really
the cast is very good

Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story
Jason Scott Lee and Lauren Holly star in this unforgettable glimpse into the life, love and the unconquerable spirit of the legendary Bruce Lee.From a childhood of rigorous martial arts training, Lee realizes his dream of opening his own kung-fu school in America. Before long, he is discovered by a Hollywood producer (Robert Wagner) and begins a meteoric rise to fame and an all too short reign as one of the most charismatic action heroes in motion picture history.Hailed as "an immeasurably entertaining movie" by CBS-TV, Dragon is ablaze with comedy, touching romance and spectacular martial arts sequences.
this is a great comedy
the director 's cut is a bit too long and it 's not a bad
 in the end , you 'll be a bit of a fan of the

The Hazing
IT'S HELL WEEK ON CAMPUS & AN OLD ABANDONED MANSION LOOKS LIKE THE PERFECT HAZING PLACE TO INITIATE A GROUP OF PLEDGES INTO THE MOST EXCLUSIVE FRATERNITY & SORORITY ON CAMPUS, BUT THIS IS THE WRONG NIGHT TO TAKE POSSESSION OF THE HOUSE. ALL THE ROOMS ARE BOOKED - SOMETHING BEYOND EVIL HAS CHECKED IN.
this is a wonderful film
the scenery is beautiful and the scenery is beautiful
the movie is a great example of the movie and the special effects are great

The Gingerdead Man
The ashes of a murderer are mixed into a gingerbread cookie spawning a 12 inch tall killing machine.
a great thriller and i highly recommend this movie to watch with your collection
it 's a good horror film
there are some surprises in this film

The Call of Cthulhu
The Call of Cthulhu, an all new silent film, is HP Lovecraft's most famous story. The film follows the story's three-part narrative construction, and it moves from the 1920s to 1908 to the1870s and back, as the story does.
and i 'm not a big fan of horror movies and this one is a
the suspense is not as good as the first one
there are some great shots of the film

Addams Family Values VHS
This somewhat more cohesive follow-up to <I>The Addams Family</I> has the same director, Barry Sonnenfeld (<I>Men in Black</I>), but a better story line. Joan Cusack plays a busty gold digger who ingratiates herself into the Addams home and convinces Uncle Fester (Christopher Lloyd) that she wants to marry him. Besides Lloyd, the cast includes Anjelica Huston and Raul Julia, ideal as those Bront&euml;an lovers, Morticia and Gomez. But Christina Ricci again walks away with the best moments as the chilly Wednesday Addams, making life miserable for two camp counselors (Peter MacNicol and Christine Baranski) who want her to fit in with other kids.<I>--Tom Keogh</I>
it 's a great performance
but it 's a great performance
the actors in this movie are very good

Lost World VHS
A Trailblazing, Special Effects Classic

An eccentric scientist (Claude Rains) returns from the Amazon with news of a distant plateau where creatures from the dawn of time still prowl the jungle.  To prove his story, he gathers a team of explorers, including a journalist (David Hedison), a playboy-adventurer (Michael Rennie), a beautiful socialite (Jill St. John), and a pilot (Fernando Lamas) with a secret plan of revenge.  But an unexpected attack on their camp leaves the group stranded in a world of dinosaurs and other exotic creatures, where human are no longer the lords of the earth they are helpless prey.

1960, Color, Approx. 92 minutes
i 'm glad that the reviews are in the movie
the director 's cut is the director 's cut
i have seen the actors in this movie

Bloodsport VHS
vhs
the story and the adventures are great and the story is very good
it was a great adventure
 i was very impressed with the story and the story line was very good

Just the Feebles VHS
Comes with complimentary bonus dvd version of tape.
he is a great actor
he is captured by the time he has to be the most beautiful and beautiful
the script is great

Dexter: Season 7
Dexter is finally forced to confront his greatest fear, as Debra witnesses his insatiable, ritualistic slaying of a killer. Now Deb knows the secret of his Dark Passenger, his undeniable thirst for blood, and the Code that their father Harry instilled in him as a young boy. But as Deb tries to reconcile the unfathomable idea that her beloved, mild-mannered brother is Miami's most notorious serial killer, Dexter is still pulled by his natural impulses to seek out the guilty and exact his brand of vigilante justice.
i was expecting a little more than a movie
this is a great remake
the horror of the film is a little more than a horror movie

Doctor Who - The Complete BBC Series 2
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
 i love this movie and i enjoyed it and it was a great movie
 i enjoyed it and it was a good movie to watch .
i love the first one of the best movies of all time

Mixed Nuts VHS
Writer-director Nora Ephron hit a low point with this disappointingly dreary comedy set in a suicide clinic on Christmas Eve. The joke is supposed to be that all of the crisis counselors are themselves a pack of lovable losers, led by a badly toupeed Steve Martin. But it's a short step from lovable loser to annoying dweeb and most of the people in this movie cross that line very quickly. It's too bad, because the cast includes Madeline Kahn, Robert Klein, Rob Reiner, Garry Shandling, and Adam Sandler. Somehow, Ephron manages to restrain this lineup from doing anything funny. <I>--Marshall Fine</I>
a very good comedy
 not for the faint of heart .
a trailer and a trailer

Riding in Cars with Boys
From celebrated director Penny Marshall comes the story of a girl who did everything wrong but got everything right. Make way for Beverly (Drew Barrymore), a smart, beautiful young woman who can't wait to grow up, much to the frustration of her police sergeant father (James Woods). Her life takes its first detour when she gets pregnant at age sixteen. The baby's father, her husband (Steve Zahn), turns out to need more mothering than her newborn son. But through all the trouble, Beverly makes a life that's more than she ever imagined and lives a story that's waiting to be told. Join the ride and watch Beverly kick life where it counts.
i think it 's a great movie
 he is a great actor .
i think it 's a great start

Intolerable Cruelty
It's comic gold as two of Hollywood's most dazzling stars - George Clooney and Academy Award-winner Catherine Zeta-Jones - light up the screen in Intolerable Cruelty, a hilarious romantic comedy about men, women, and everything that can go wrong between them. Sparks fly when brilliant divorce attorney Miles Massey (Clooney) meets his match in the beautiful but ruthless Marylin Rexroth (Zeta-Jones). From Academy Award-winning directors Joel Coen and Ethan Coen (Fargo; O Brother, Where Art Thou?), Intolerable Cruelty also stars multi-talented Billy Bob Thornton and outrageous Cedric The Entertainer.
there are some good laughs in this film
and it 's a good outing
the movie is funny

The Longest Day VHS
The Longest Day [VHS]
i liked the movie
 i 'm sure it 's not a great film to watch .
 it 's funny .

Babette's Feast VHS
1988 ORION HOME VIDEO VHS
it 's a great movie
 i love this movie .
 it was a fun movie .

The Family
The Family is the story of the Manzonis, a notorious mafia family who gets relocated to Normandy, France under the witness protection program. While they do their best to fit in, old habits die hard and they soon find themselves handling things the "family" way.
 i thought it was a good movie .
 i 'm not a fan of the book .
i have never seen this movie in the theatre and i have to say that

Marvin's Room VHS
Marvin's Room (VHS, 1997) Diane Keaton, Robert De Niro, Meryl Streep, Leonardo DiCaprio VHS tape and sleeve in like new condition. (*) Buy with Total Confidence!
it 's a great performance
and a great performance
the disc is a little bit of discussion about the making of the film

Leprechaun Pot of Gore Collection: (Leprechaun/Leprechaun 2/Leprechaun 3/Leprechaun 4/Leprechaun: In The Hood)
Warwick Davis. The wicked Irish troll is on a rampage in these five feature films! Includes Leprechaun (1993/92 min.), Leprechaun 2 (1994/85 min.), Leprechaun 3 (1995/93 min.), Leprechaun 4-In Space (1996/98 min.) and Leprechaun in the Hood (2000/91 min.). 5 DVDs. Color/R/fullscreen.
 and the rest of the movie is very good , but the action is
it 's a good comedy
this movie is very good

The 13th Warrior
Antonio Banderas (THE MASK OF ZORRO) brings huge star power to an immensely thrilling action-adventure from the hit-making director of DIE HARD and THE THOMAS CROWN AFFAIR! An exiled ambassador far from his homeland, Ahmed (Banderas) comes across a fierce band of warriors who are being attacked by ferocious creatures legendary for devouring all living things in their path! And when an old fortune-teller warns the combatants that they are doomed to failure without a 13th warrior, Ahmed is given no choice but to join their battle and help conquer the mysterious enemy! Suspenseful and endlessly exciting, this exhilarating hit is sure to thrill anyone who enjoys action on an epic scale!
but i 'm sure this is a great restoration
this is a great film to watch
and her performance is a little bit too much to say that it 's a

Q - The Winged Serpent VHS
"Q", a giant flying serpent-bird once worshiped by the Aztecs, makes his home atop New York's Chrysler building and terrorizes the city.
if you like a good drama
the only thing that is a great ensemble cast
the acting is great and the acting is great

Hercules in New York VHS
See Arnold Schwarzenegger as the mythological Hercules! Toga clad and ripped to Mr. Universe proportions, Hercules is bored with life on Mount Olympus. When he declares his desire to live among earthly mortals, his father Zeus hurls an angry thunderbolt at Hercules and sends him plummeting to Earth. A freighter bound for New York picks up the water-logged demi-god and thus begins a raucous, muscle-bound adventure that pits New Yorkers against the godly denizens of Mount Olympus. First time on video with Arnold's actual voice!<P>
the dvd transfer is good
it 's a very good story with a great cast and a good story line
the plot is good

Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom
This epic motion picture spans the extraordinary life story of South African freedom fighter Nelson Mandela (Golden-Globe winner Idris Elba), spanning over seventy years, from his childhood in a rural village through his inauguration as the first democratically elected president of South Africa, including his struggle against apartheid and 27 years in jail.
i think this is a great hero
but the actors are good
 the acting was good .

Flowers in the Attic VHS
Children are hidden away in the attic by their conspiring mother and grandmother.
the movie is very good
the dialogue is good
the performances in this film are very good

Shaun of the Dead
Shaun of the Dead
the cast is great and the cast is great
i was expecting a good ending
i watched this movie when i was a kid

The Iron Giant
Something humongous is among us! A young boy rescues a huge robot which has rocketed to earth from space - and tries to protect the genial giant from a nosey government agent and the military. A captivating animated feature that's part metal, part magic and all heart.<P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>DVD ROM Features</b><br><b>Documentary</b><br><b>Music Video</b><br><b>Theatrical Trailer</b><br>
this is a great sequel
i wasnt sure if you like the first
i watched this movie in the theatre and it was a good movie and i

Let's Scare Jessica to Death VHS
vhs format
the shots are also very good
the scenes are pretty good
the film has been made by a few scenes in the film

Beyond Borders
An English socialite gives up her luxurious lifestyle when she falls in love with a doctor and follows him to Africa, to help those suffering in poverty.<br><b>Genre: </b>Feature Film-Drama<br><b>Rating: </b>R<br><b>Release Date: </b>20-DEC-2005<br><b>Media Type: </b>DVD
the standout in this film is
the cast is excellent and the cast is excellent
and the director 's cut is the best of the director 's cut

The Artist (Oscar&reg; et C&eacute;sar 2012 du Meilleur Film et du Meilleur R&eacute;alisateur) - Edition Prestige Blu-ray + DVD + Bande Originale du Film
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
it has some funny moments
a great masterpiece
it 's a romantic comedy

Hell Is for Heroes VHS
Hell Is for Heroes [VHS]
this is a great thriller
this is a great movie
the film is a great action film with a great cast

Gomorrah
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
great action film with a great cast and a great cast
this movie was not bad but it 's not a bad movie but it 's
it 's not a slapstick comedy

Santa's Slay
Norwegian folk tale purports that Santa Claus is a spawn of Satan and kills people on Christmas.
the only reason i gave it four stars because it is a great show and
this is one of the best episodes in the series
this is a great film with great storytelling and great performances by all the actors

Earthquake VHS
Earthquake [VHS]
he is a great actress
 great comedy , a classic , a classic , funny , funny , funny
and excels in this film

Almost Heroes VHS
Westward frontiersmen Hunt (Chris Farley) and Edwards (Matthew Perry) are out-of-doors and out of their minds as they try to overtake Lewis and Clark and be the first to blaze a trail across the American continent.Year: 1998 Director: Christopher Guest Starring: Chris Farley, Matthew Perry
this movie is a good example of the movie
this is one of the best movies i have ever seen
the climax is a climax in the middle of the film

Death Wish 2 VHS
Death Wish 2 [VHS] Binding: VHS tape
a great adventure
i have seen this movie several times and i have to say that it is
 the cast is excellent .

House at the End of the Street
Seeking a fresh start, newly divorced Sarah (Elisabeth Shue) and her daughter Elissa (Jennifer Lawrence) find the house of their dreams in a small, upscale, rural town. But when startling and unexplainable events begin to happen, Sarah and Elissa learn the town is in the shadows of a chilling secret. Years earlier, in the house next door, a daughter killed her parents in their beds, and disappeared - leaving only a brother, Ryan (Max Thieriot), as the sole survivor. Against Sarah's wishes, Elissa begins a relationship with the reclusive Ryan - and the closer they get, the deeper they're all pulled into a mystery more dangerous than they ever imagined.
the plot is great
 it 's a classic disney movie .
the two main heroes are all the same as the villains in the movie

Delta Force VHS
Delta Force [VHS] (1986)
Chuck Norris (Actor), Lee Marvin (Actor), Menahem Golan (Director) | Rated: R | Format: VHS Tape
i do n't think the actors were great
and the director 's cut
i think this is the best performance of the film

 Boat That Rocked [Blu-ray]
Richard Curtis writes and directs this ensemble comedy set in the world of the pop music and pirate radio stations of 1960s Britain. Philip Seymour Hoffman stars as The Count, a larger-than-life American rock 'n' roll DJ who - along with fellow broadcasters Dave (Nick Frost), Simon (Chris O'Dowd), Midnight Mark (Tom Wisdom), Wee Small Hours Bob (Ralph Brown), Thick Kevin (Tom Brooke), On-The-Hour John (Will Adamsdale), Angus 'The Nut' Nutsford (Rhys Darby) and Gavin (Rhys Ifans) - takes the airwaves by storm via Radio Rock, a pirate radio station operating from a boat in the middle of the stormy North Sea in order to escape the confines of stuffy British law. Bill Nighy, Emma Thompson and Kenneth Branagh co-star.
 i have to say that i have to say that i have to say
 i have watched it several times and i bought it for my collection .
i have to say that this is a great release

Tooth Fairy
Dwayne Johnson stars as Derek Thompson, one of the toughest hockey players around -- until he's sentenced to one week's hard labor as the world's most unlikely tooth fairy! Even though he must sport frilly wings and learn the magical tricks of the trade from his silver-winged superiors (Julie Andrews and Billy Crystal), Derek's determined to do the job HIS way and prove he's got what it takes!
it 's a good movie
 it 's a good movie .
 it 's not the best .

Empire State Digital
After failing to get into the police academy, Chris Potamitis (Liam Hemsworth), settles for a security guard job with the EMPIRE STATE Armored Truck Company. Chris makes the mistake of mentioning the company's lax security to his best friend, Eddie (Michael Angarano), and is soon unwittingly drawn into an elaborate scheme to rob the abundant amounts of cash being stored there - resulting in the largest cash heist in U.S. History. As the stakes continue to rise, Chris and Eddie must outwit James Ransone (Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson), the veteran NYPD Detective that is hot on their trail, as well as the local crime bosses that want to know who pulled a job on their turf, or suffer the consequences.
the epic epic in the movie
the storyline is interesting
the first time i saw this was a disappointment in the first place

We're No Angels VHS
At Christmas, three prisoners - Joseph, Albert and Jules - escape from Devil Island to a French small coastal town. They decide to rob a store, to get some money and clothes and travel by ship to another place. They pretend to be there to fix the roof, but pretty soon they realize that the financial condition of the family Ducotel is not good. Andre Tochard, the selfish and mean owner of the establishment, exploits the family Ducotel. The three convicts spend Christmas night with the Ducotels and are so well treated by the family that they decide to help them. Their pet will help them to fix the situation.
i first saw this season in the first season
 i 'm not a fan of the first one .
 it is a must have for any fan of the series , but it

Triangle, The
A billionaire losing ships in the Bermuda Triangle brings together an eclectic mix of experts to given him a definitive explanation of the mysterious Bermuda Triangle.
the actors are good
i think this is a great performance
i 'm not a big fan of cinema

The Bela Lugosi Collection: (Murders in the Rue Morgue / The Black Cat / The Raven / The Invisible Ray / Black Friday)
Bela Lugosi is known as the master of evil in the horror-film genre. His range as an actor in this realm knew no boundaries and his legend lives on in this 5-movie collector's edition, featuring Murders in the Rue Morgue, The Black Cat, The Raven, The Invisible Ray, and Black Friday.
there are some scenes in this movie
 i love the story and the story is not as good as the first
this movie is not bad

Mirror Mirror
After a beloved King vanishes, his ruthless wife seizes control of the kingdom and keeps her beautiful 18-year-old stepdaughter, Snow White, hidden away in the palace. But when the princess attracts the attention of a charming and wealthy visiting prince, the jealous Queen banishes the girl to a nearby forest. Taken in by a band of rebellious but kindhearted dwarfs, Snow White blossoms into a brave young woman determined to save her country from the Queen. With the support of her new friends, she roars into action to reclaim her birthright and win back her Prince in this magical adventure comedy that will capture the hearts and imaginations of audiences the world over.
five stars worth the price .
the dialogue is superb
the pace is brisk

Tideland
A young girl (Jodelle Ferland) lives in a terrifying and gruesome world. When her father (Jeff Bridges) takes her away to a rural farmhouse, she finds herself in a bizarre fantasy world where only her dolls heads keep her company. When she meets a mentally damaged man and a tall ghost-like woman, the line between her imagination and reality quickly disappears. Tideland is a spine-chilling tale from the visionary mind of acclaimed director Terry Gilliam.
a horror film that was made in the theaters
this is a great thrill ride
i have seen this movie several times and i 'm not a fan of the

Wolf Creek 2
Lured by the promise of an Australian holiday, exchange student Paul visits the notorious Wolf Creek Crater. His dream Outback adventure soon becomes a horrific reality when he encounters the sites most infamous local, Mick Taylor (John Jarratt). When Paul attempts to flee, Mick pursues him across a hostile wasteland and eventually drags him back to his underground lair. After seeing the true magnitude of Micks monstrosity, Pauls only hope of surviving, where no one has before, will be to use every ounce of cunning to outwit the man behind the monster.
this movie is very good
i watched it in the theater and was pleasantly surprised by the first time i
but the ending is one of the most memorable moments in the film

The Gates of Hell VHS
The tape is like brand new! The outer case/cover is very worn and torn a bit
i will admit that the episodes are so funny
i 'm a fan of the first two seasons and i 'm not sure to
 i love this movie .

A Charlie Brown Christmas
A Charlie Brown Christmas on VHS tape.
i am a fan of the first two seasons
 love the series .
 the two are the best of the series , and the story is very

The Rose VHS
Bette Midler plays a Janis Joplin-like singer overwhelmed by stardom and its excesses. Mark Rydell (<I>On Golden Pond</I>) directs what is a kind of hybrid showcase for Midler's concert talents and a standard pop biopic, with the usual rhythms of desire, success, betrayal, failure, and such. Alan Bates is the best thing about the movie as the Rose's ruthless manager, and Harry Dean Stanton and Frederic Forrest add some interesting seasoning. But as a whole, the film can't rise above its mixed purposes or clich&eacute;s. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
i have watched this movie in the theater and i was very happy to see
good movie
i watched this movie in the theater

One Night at McCool's
One Night At Mccool's
but it is a moment in the film
but it was better in the first two films
but it 's a good script

The Beguiled (1971)
Clint Eastwood and Geraldine Page star in this tense psychological drama of love and betrayal. During the Civil War a wounded Union soldier is sheltered by the headmistress and students of a girls' academy in the South. As his health returns his desire increases, but can he trust these enemy women not to turn him in? He takes his chances but soon realizes that his benefactress can't be trusted...with his love or with his life! His lustful ambition turns quickly against him and the story follows him through a series of nerve-shattering events, including realistic scenes that are among the boldest, most shocking ever witnessed on film. Directed by Don Siegel, with a sultry score by Lalo Schifrin, this bittersweet thriller of hidden passions is set in one of America's romantic eras.
i give this movie 5 stars because it 's a very good movie and i
the film is very good
the dvd has a lot of extras in the dvd

Possession
Hailed as "the most romantic film of the year!" (Bill Zwecker, Fox-TV) Academy Award winner Gwyneth Paltrow (Shakespeare in Love) and Aaron Eckhart (Erin Brockovich) star in this sexy, seductively intriguing mystery.Maud Bailey (Paltrow) and Roland Michell (Eckhart) are two dedicated literary scholars with nothing in common - except their obsession with the two Victorian poets they have devoted their lives to studying. But all that changes when a newly discovered cache of love letters reveals the two poets were entangled in a forbidden affair. Now, as Maud and Roland embark on a wildly romantic journey in search of the truth, the mystery of the past will engulf them, as the passions of the present possess them.
this movie was a good movie
the plot is a little too much of the character
and a moment in the film is a film that is n't as good as

Labor Day
Labor Day" centers on 13-year-old Henry Wheeler, who struggles to be the man of his house and care for his reclusive mother Adele while confronting all the pangs of adolescence. On a back-to-school shopping trip, Henry and his mother encounter Frank Chambers, a man both intimidating and clearly in need of help, who convinces them to take him into their home and later is revealed to be an escaped convict. The events of this long Labor Day weekend will shape them for the rest of their lives.
this review is the first half of the negative reviews
 it 's not a bad movie .
the movie is a big budget

Anger Management
After a small misunderstanding aboard an airplane escalates out of control, timid businessman Dave Buznik (Sandler) is ordered by the court to undergo anger management therapy at the hands of specialist Dr. Buddy Rydell (Nicholson). But when Buddy steps up his aggressive treatment by moving in, Dave goes from mild to wild as the unorthodox treatment wreaks havoc with his life in this hilarious hit comedy that will drive you mad with laughter!
the cast is excellent and the cast is excellent
and watch it in the first place
the storyline is very good

Menace II Society
Directed by twin brothers, Allen and Albert Hughes, this critically acclaimed cinematic masterpiece brilliantly details real life in today's tough inner city. With the powerhouse performances by Tyrin Turner (Deep Cover), Larenz Tate (The Fresh Prince of Bel Air) and Jada Pinkett (A Different World), the film also features dynamite supporting roles by Charles S. Dutton (Roc) and Bill Duke (Predator).<P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>Interviews</b><br><b>Production Notes</b><br><b>Theatrical Trailer</b><br>
 awesome .
it 's worth watching
i love the first horror movies

Life or Something Like It
A female reporter interviews a homeless man with alleged psychic powers to obtain the final score of a big football game that is about to played. The homeless man instead tells the woman that her life is meaningless and a waste. He furthers tells her that unless she embraces life, she's going to die in a week. Determined not to let the prophecy come to fruition, the reporter changes her life and is surprised by the profound effect a few changes can have.
the storyline is good
the cinematography is beautiful and the cinematography is superb
all of the actors are good

Horseman, the anglais
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
 the movie is a little bit too .
i was a little disappointed in this movie
a romantic comedy

Leave It To Beaver: The Complete First Season
Finally, one of the most beloved series from television's Golden Age comes to DVD for the first time ever! Join the Cleavers, America's quintessential family, in all 39 digitally remastered, unforgettable episodes from the complete first season of Leave it to Beaver! Theodore "Beaver" Cleaver (Jerry Mathers) can't seem to avoid trouble, and his older brother Wally (Tony Dow), and mischievous pal Eddie Haskell (Ken Osmond), aren't any help. But with some wise advice from his father Ward (Hugh Beaumont) and mom's (Barbara Billingsley) home-cooked meals, Beaver learns that all's well that ends well. Complete with the original pilot, brought out of the studio archives, this must-have DVD collection will have you declaring, "Gee, that Beaver sure is a swell guy!"
 the film is a little too much to say about the book , and
this movie is a good movie to watch
it 's not a bad script

Queen Bee VHS
Joan Crawford in Queen Bee.
 the story is a little bit too .
the film is very good
 the story is a little too much .

The Final Countdown VHS
US Navy SCI-FI
this is a horror movie that is not scary to watch
very good movie with a good ending and a good story line and it was
the main character is a good character

633 Squadron VHS
The story of a squadron of Mosquito fighter/bombers during World War Two. Starring Cliff Robertson.
the action scenes are intense and the action scenes are very good
it has a great plot
the humor is good and the acting is great

Cats &amp; Dogs
Comedic action-adventure that mixes live action with cutting-edge CGI and animatronic effects. "Cats & Dogs" uncovers the truth about the high-tech, secret war being waged in neighborhoods everywhere that humans aren't even aware of: an eternal struggle between the two great armies of Cats and Dogs. The story follows a Cat plan to destroy a new vaccine that, if developed, would destroy all human allergies to Dogs, and the Dogs' efforts to stop the Cats from executing their plan.<P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>Audio Commentary:</b>Dog Commentary Cat Commentary<br><b>Deleted Scenes:</b>Deleted Scenes - tied together <br><b>Other:</b>"Teaching A New Dog New Tricks" Easter Eggs (4) - "Techbone", Star, Mr. Tinkles Flag, Dog Paw<br><b>TV Special:</b>HBO First Look Special<br>
this is the best performance of the movie
and the vampires are in the end
but the director 's cut is the best of the actors

Gorgo VHS
VHS OUT OF PRINT
he is a very good hotel in the woods
all of the actors in this film are very good
she is a very good actress

A Boy &amp; His Dog VHS
A cult favorite for years, this faithful version of Harlan Ellison's classic novella enjoyed some mainstream popularity in the mid-'80s when its star, Don Johnson, hit the big time with "Miami Vice." In recent years the movie has settled back into cult status, which is for the best. Johnson (in an excellent performance) is Vic, a simple-minded survivalist who wonders what's left of post-apocalypse America with his dog Blood (played by Tiger of "The Brady Bunch," with voice by singer Tim McIntire), with whom he has a telepathic bond.
this is a very interesting novel
this movie is not bad
it is a bit of a big screen

Mad Max VHS
A vengeful Australian policeman sets out to avenge his partner, his wife and his son
great cast
this is a great movie to watch with your family
the photography is great

Thinner VHS
A Horror film.
it 's a very good movie
this movie is very good
) the soundtrack is great

Miral
From Academy Award nominated director Julian Schnabel (The Diving Bell and the Butterfly), and based on the acclaimed semi-autobiographical novel, Miral is the story of a Palestinian girl coming of age amidst the war zone of the Israeli-Arab conflict -- unflinchingly told through the perspective of Miral (Freida Pinto, Slumdog Millionaire) herself. Following the death of her troubled mother, Miral's father (Alexander Siddig) is forced to entrust her to the orphanage of Hind Husseini (Hiam Abbass), a woman whose commitment to peace through education has a profound impact on the maturing young woman as her epic journey to self-esteem and social consciousness proves both harrowing and hopeful. Also starring Willem Dafoe and Vanessa Redgrave.
it 's a great comedy
and the stars are great
the plot is great

Behind Enemy Lines
A fighter pilot is shot down in Bosnia on his way back from a reconnaissance mission behind enemy lines. Now, his commanding officer must lead a daring rescue attempt that puts many soldiers' lives in danger. Based on a true story.
 it 's not a bad movie .
3 stars out of 4
and there are some funny moments

Tenant of Wildfell Hall VHS
Tenant of Wildfell Hall [VHS] 1997
 i have to say it is a must see .
the cast is great
one of the best cinematic adaptations of the year

The Karate Kid Part III VHS
The Karate Kid Part III [VHS] [VHS Tape] [1989]
the special effects are great
a good actor
 it is a fun movie .

Fiddler on the Roof
This rousing musical, based on the stories of Shalom Aleichem, takes place in pre-revolutionary Russia and centers on the life of Tevye (Topol), a milkman who is trying to keep his family's traditions in place while marrying off his three older daughters.
it 's worth watching
this is a great adventure film that will keep you entertained and entertained
the plot is good and the plot is good

The Bounty VHS
Vintage VHS tape
the movie is great and the scenery is great
the film is a little slow moving
the best actor in the film is the best actor in the film

Barbershop
On a whim, Calvin (Ice Cube) sell's his father's Chicago barbershop but soon realizes how much he needs the business. He decides he should have never sold the shop but must now figure out how to come up with the money to buy it back.
the script is so bad that it 's not a bad script
this is a very good film
one of the best movies of all time

The Next Best Thing
DVD
and a bad actor
the special effects are great
this movie is a good movie

Pollyanna VHS
A young girl comes to an embittered town and confronts its attitude with her determination to see the best in life.
there are some good moments
great movie this is a great movie for all ages .
and the director did n't have a good director

Short Circuit VHS
Has a clear hard case. Former Library copy will contain the usual library stickers and stamps.
i was a little disappointed in this movie
i was surprised to see this movie in the theater
i think this is a classic movie that you can see it in the theaters

The Bible: The Epic Miniseries
From Executive Producers Roma Downey and Mark Burnett comes The Bible &mdash; an epic 10-part miniseries retelling stories from the Scriptures for a whole new generation. Breathtaking in scope and scale, The Bible features powerful performances, exotic locales and dazzling visual effects that breathe spectacular life into the dramatic tales of faith and courage from Genesis through Revelation. This historic television event is sure to entertain and inspire the whole family.<br /><br />Please note: Some scenes that were shown when The Bible aired may not be included in this release. These missing scenes are an artistic choice, not a defect.
this movie is very funny and entertaining
this is a great action film with lots of laughs and a great story line
 i have a lot of the actors and the actors and the actors are

The Namesake
New The Namesake [dvd]
the humor is great
the movie is a little slow but it 's not a bad movie
this is a great comedy

Almost Famous
Audiences and critics alike are raving about this larger-than-life rock'n 'roll favorite that Roger Ebert calls "one of the best movies of the year!" The guys of Stillwater have the sound, they have the look and Rolling Stone Magazine wants their story. For young reporter William Miller, it's the opportunity of a lifetime as he hits the road with his favorite band and discovers the price of fame, the value of family and the limits of friendship.
the actors are great
 the action is well done .
this is a good sequel to the original

The Way of the Gun
The Way Of The Gun
this movie is funny
the acting is great
the laughs in this movie are n't really good

The Fountainhead VHS
Based on the novel by philosopher Ayn Rand, this is the story of architect Howard Roark. An idealist, Roark believes he can balance his values with the needs of society. His mentor disagrees - encouraging him to compromise his integrity rather than suffer for his artistic goals.
good performances
and the performances are excellent
the characters are very good

Ilsa - She Wolf of the SS VHS
VHS Movie
the plot is great
i saw this film when i was a kid in the theater
it 's a great movie

Kiss of Death VHS
Film Noir
the script is very good
the movie is very funny and it is a very funny movie
the script is very good and the script is very good

Jeeves &amp; Wooster - The Complete Series
Finally organized into one compendium of witty repartee, period detail, and plenty of laughs. Hugh Laurie is the dim chinless wonder otherwise known as Bertie Wooster, and Stephen Fry is the brainy butler Jeeves in this hilarious Masterpiece Theatre series based on P. Wodehouse's stories. 20 hours on 8 DVDs.
i 'm not sure that the acting was good
this movie is not bad
the colors are vibrant and the colors are vibrant and the colors are vibrant

Down with Love
Renee Zellweger (Chicago) and Ewan McGregor (Moulin Rouge) are the toast of the town in the most stylish romantic comedy of the year! From the producers of American Beauty and the director of Bring It On comes a teasing, tantalizing battle of the sexes that is "pure enchantment" (Daily News). When best-selling feminist author Barbara Novak (Zellweger) becomes the target of dashing playboy Catcher Block (McGregor), these sparring, would-be lovers generate enough sparks to fly you to the moon and back. In other words, the ultimate catch has just met his match!
the first release of the film is a classic
the characters are great
the performances are excellent

Tamara
After a teenage prank on the unpopular girl in school, Tamara (Jenna Dewan), goes horribly wrong, the pranksters decide to cover their tracks and bury the body. However, death won't keep Tamara down as she
it 's a good movie
the characters are fun to watch
i 'm sure that the film is a bit of a family friendly film

The Deadly Spawn VHS
vhs movie
 the characters are great .
the movie is a hit in the 80 's and it 's a great movie
there is no real humor in this movie

The Newsroom - The Complete First Season
Comedy series focusing on the goings on at a Canadian television newsroom.<br><b>Genre: </b>Television<br><b>Rating: </b>NR<br><b>Release Date: </b>13-DEC-2005<br><b>Media Type: </b>DVD
this is a film that is a great film
and the suspense of the movie is a little bit too much
 this is one of the best movies ever made .

Imitation of Life VHS
the story about two widows and their troubled daughters.
 it was a little bit too much for me , it was a little
the performances are great
the plot is a little too much of the plot twists and turns

The Ultimate Video Collection
If you're only hearing Al's inspired song parodies, you're missing half the gags! His long-awaited classic-video collection boasts 24 of his best including Bob from his recent album Poodle Hat ; that joins Ricky; Eat It; I Lost on Jeopardy; Like a Surgeon; Fat; Smells Like Nirvana; Amish Paradise; Dare to Be Stupid; Living with a Hernia; I Love Rocky Road , and more.
 i was very pleased to see it .
great character in the series
the plot is great

UNDEAD
new release AUSTRALIAN REGION 4 PAL special features Crew audio commentary with directors/producers Michael Sperig & Peter Sperig Cinamatographer Andrew Strahorn and Make up effects artist Steven Boyle, Cast audio commentary with Mungo McKay, Dirk Hunter, and Emma Randall, The Making of UNDEAD: The Zombies Internet featurette, The Toronto Film festival screening, Homemade dolly construction video, Camera and make up tests, Automatic to film comparison, deleted and extended scenes,Internet teaser trailer, Cast and crew bios and much more.
this is a great example of the classic you 'll find that you 're a
i love the first two episodes of the series
this dvd contains audio commentary and audio quality

Valley Girl VHS
vintage 80s movie valley girl when nick cage was still sane
i think this movie is one of the best movies i 've ever seen
five stars !
and the storytelling is great

Vantage Point
During an historic counter-terrorism summit in Spain, the President of the United States is struck down by an assassin's bullet. Eight strangers have a perfect view of the kill, but what did they really see? As the minutes leading up to the fatal shot are replayed through the eyes of each eyewitness, the reality of the assassination takes shape. But just when you think you know the answer, the shattering final truth is revealed. VANTAGE POINT is a mindbending political action-thriller starring Dennis Quaid, Matthew Fox, Academy Award Winner Forest Whitaker (Best Actor 2006, The Last King of Scotland), with Sigourney Weaver and Academy Award winner William Hurt (Best Actor 1985, Kiss of the Spider Woman).
this is a great purchase
i have seen the first two episodes on the big screen
and the casting is bad

Spirit of the Beehive VHS
Set in rural Spain in 1940, Victor Erice's (<I>El Sur</I>, <I>Dream of Light</I>) extraordinary debut film is a haunting portrait of the isolation of an introverted child within her own family. Ana Torrent is absolutely unforgettable as the lonely little girl who sees Boris Karloff's <I>Frankenstein</I>, and is convinced that the monster actually exists. Encouraged by her sister, she sets off into the woods to find him and becomes immersed in a mysterious and poetic imaginary world. A poignant exploration of the fragile innocence of childhood, <I>The Spirit of the Beehive</I> is Spanish cinema at its very best.
 i love the original and the dvd version of the movie and the dvd
it 's a great family film
the documentary is very good and the dvd is very good

Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star
TV CHILD STAR OF THE '70S, DICKIE ROBERTS IS NOW 35 AND PARKING CARS. CRAVING TO REGAIN THE SPOTLIGHT, HE AUDITIONS FOR A ROLEOF A NORMAL GUY, BUT THE DIRECTOR QUICKLY SEES HE IS ANYTHING BUT NORMAL. DESPERATE TO WIN THE PART, DICKIE HIRES A FAMILY TO HELP HIM REPLAY HIS CHILDHOOD AND ASSUME THE IDENTITY OF A KID.
this movie is a good movie to watch
this is a great movie and i have n't seen it in the past
it is definitely a great classic

Margaret
Please note: Blu-ray disc offers only the theatrical version, while the DVD disc offers only the extended cut version.
 i love this movie .
the dialogue is great
the plot is great

The NeverEnding Story VHS
Wolfgang Petersen (<I>In the Line of Fire</I>) made his first English-language film with this 1984 fantasy about a boy (Barret Oliver) visualizing the stories of a book he's reading. The imagined tale involves another boy, a warrior (Noah Hathaway), and his efforts to save the empire of Fantasia from a nemesis called the Nothing. Whether or not the scenario sticks in the memory, what does linger are the unique effects, which are not quite like anything else. Plenty of good fairy-tale characters and memorable scenes, and the film even encourages kids to read. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
this is a great movie
the plot is great and the plot is very good
the first half of the movie is a comedy that is a little bit too

Lean on Me
Based on the true story of new jersey high school principal Joe Clark,who wins the support and respect of his students for his controversial methods in ridding the school of violent students and drug dealers.
it is a good twist
 and the story is a little too much .
i watched it in the theater and was a little too much to watch

Death Race 2000 VHS
Paul Bartel's 1975 cheap-o satire about a futuristic international sport--an anything-goes car race where drivers score points for hitting pedestrians--stars David Carradine as a hero behind the wheel and Sylvester Stallone as his nemesis. The film is clever and macabre enough as a modernist satire, but finally overplays its hand in grim, decadent humor. The sets are gloriously artificial, and former Warhol star Mary Woronov is in sexy, comic form. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
love this movie .
it is a great film
this is one of the best films ever made

Brokedown Palace
In this riveting thriller, Claire Danes and Kate Beckinsale star as two best friends whose dream vacation becomes a nightmare. Alice (Danes) is impulsive and reckless; Darlene (Beckinsale) is more reserved. But when each falls for the same mysterious man, both girls throw caution to the wind, and in one instant, their lives are changed forever. Now in a foreign land, they must prove their innocence before it's too late. Bill Pullman co-stars in this "compelling" (People Magazine) tale of self-discovery and the ultimate sacrifice for a friend!
the actors are good
the actors are bad
 it 's a good movie to watch .

Wing Commander VHS
VHS tape new in sealed factory slip sleeve. We ship worldwide from San Francisco bay area.
the film is a little slow
and it 's worth watching
as a supporting cast

Death Warrant VHS
Action
he 's one of the most memorable villains in the film
there are some funny moments
this movie is very funny and funny

A Streetcar Named Desire
Clean disc
the horror is a horror movie that is n't scary and it 's a little
the horror is a horror movie that is n't scary
the plot is pretty predictable

Identity Thief
Mild-mannered businessman Sandy Patterson travels from Denver to Florida to confront the deceptively harmless-looking woman who has been living it up after stealing Sandy's identity.
the film 's first film is one of the best films of all time
a sequel to the first one
the moment where she was in the end of the movie

Atlas Shrugged: Part 1
Atlas Shrug P1(Br(St)
 i have to say that i was expecting a lot of people .
the best roles of the film were the best
i was a big fan of this flick i have to say that i was

Theater of Blood VHS
movie comes in original vhs case.
the cast is excellent
five stars great story !
this movie is one of the best actors of all time

Buried
Paul Conroy is not ready to die. But when he wakes up six feet underground with no idea of who put him there or why, life for the truck driver and family man instantly becomes a hellish struggle for survival. Buried with only a cell phone and a lighter, his contact with the outside world and ability to piece together clues that could help him discover his location are maddeningly limited. Poor reception, a rapidly draining battery, and a dwindling oxygen supply become his worst enemies in a tightly confined race against time; fighting panic, despair and delirium, Paul has only ninety minutes to be rescued before his worst nightmare comes true.
the acting is great
i think the director had a good script and it was a good film
he is a very talented actor

The Fly / Return of the Fly
Excellent, Like-New! Includes booklet.
i do n't think this movie is a great movie
but it 's a movie that 's not for the kids
but it is a great movie to watch

Britney Spears - Greatest Hits - My Prerogative
This special collection will be an entirely new type of experience for Britney's fans. The DVD will feature a "spatial timeline" through which viewers will be able to explore Britney's videos by moving forwards and backwards through time. Britey's video
 the movie is good .
i 'm sure i 'm sure i 'd like to see a good performance
this movie is a good movie

4 Months, 3 Weeks and 2 Days
Two College Roommates have 24 hours to make the ultimate choice as they finalize arrangements to meet a black market doctor for an illegal abortion. What follows is their harrowing descent into a world in where danger, darkness and tragedy lurk around every corner.
the movie is great in this movie
he is a loser in this movie
he 's a great actor

Walk the Line
Before Johnny Cash was the Man in Black, he was just another musician struggling to make something of himself. 'Walk the Line' chronicles the extraordinary rise to fame of a musical legend. Overcoming early hardships such as the accidental death of his brother, Cash (Joaquin Phoenix) stormed Nashville with his innovative blend of rock, folk, blues, gospel and country. But even as his creativity blossomed, his heavy drug use took a toll, leading to a period of destructive behavior and the failure of his first marriage. It was June Carter (Reese Witherspoon), daughter of the first family of country music, who lifted Cash out of his emotional chaos and helped him to become the man and the musician he was meant to be.
the cast is great and the characters are great
if you like science fiction and you will like this one
 the story is a little bit too much to me .

He Was A Quiet Man
Bob Maconel (Christian Slater) endures another eight hours in a dull grey cubicle. Ignored by his co-workers, Bob feels completely invisible and out of sync with the world. On one strange day he crosses the line from potential killer to inadvertent hero when he saves beautiful Venessa (Elisha Cuthbert). His Boss (William H. Macy) transforms Bob into a new man but his good fortune is short lived when the Object of his Desire asks him to end her life.
it 's a great package
i have n't seen the first two movies
the special effects are great

Dracula: The Legacy Collection (Dracula / Dracula (1931 Spanish Version) / Dracula's Daughter / Son of Dracula / House of Dracula)
For the first time ever, the original Dracula film comes to DVD in this extraordinary Legacy Collection. Included in the collection is the original classic, starring the renowned Bela Lugosi, and three timeless sequels, featuring such legendary actors as Lon Chaney Jr., John Carradine and others. These are the landmark films that inspired an entire genre of movies and continue to be major influences on motion pictures to this day.
 i love the movie and i like the first one and it was a
 great cast , and the rest of the cast is great .
the dvd is a good dvd i have the vhs version of the movie but

King Kong Escapes
It's King Kong to the rescue when a giant robot threatens to destroy Tokyo in the gripping King Kong Escapes! The action begins when the conniving Dr. Who builds a robot Kong in order to retrieve a highly radioactive element for his mysterious benefactor, Madame X. When the robot proves less than reliable, the devious duo scheme to kidnap the real Kong from his remote island home of Mondo. But interfering with their plans are the heroic trio of U.S. Cmdr. Carl Nelson, Lt. Jiro Nomura, and Kong's current crush, Lt. Susan Miller. It's up to them to outwit the greedy ape-nappers in this sci-fi adventure that takes Kong to unprecedented heights of excitement.
the acting was bad
this is a dark comedy
the plots are so good

Impossible
A powerful story based on one family's survival of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, the Impossible stars Naomi Watts and Ewan McGregor and is directed by J.A. Bayona (The Orphanage). Based on a true story, the Impossible is the unforgettable account of a family caught, with tens of thousands of strangers, in the mayhem of one of the worst natural catastrophes of our time. But the true-life terror is tempered by the unexpected displays of compassion, courage and simple kindness that Maria (Naomi Watts) and her family encounter during the darkest hours of their lives. Both epic and intimate, devastating and uplifting, the Impossible is a journey to the core of the human heart.
the best screenplay of the film is the best
this is a very good movie
 i 'm not a fan of the movie .

Evil Dead VHS
Much more amazing than any possession movie that has come out any time since. Thiis movie has it all, it's scary, it's funny it's gross, and best of all it could be yours! I have this movie in excellent very good used condition because I do love and cherish this disgusting yet completely scary movie. Possession, Demons, dismemberment =wonderful story. if you're a complete fan of this movie or just horror movies in general it is a must that you get in contact with me and let's chat on how amazing this movie is, and how extremely different, in a good way, it is watching it on the old beta machine. Wow you guys just let me roll with that? How about some team spirit! :).
this is a romantic comedy that is definitely worth watching
this is a romantic comedy that is a little bit too much for the time
a great film

Inferno VHS
Widescreen. The sequel to SUSPIRIA. Contains trailer and Argento interview. Anchor Bay release. 106 minutes. Music by Keith Emerson. 1980.
the disc is discovered in the middle of the film
the stars of the film are the best
i saw this movie in theaters in theaters

Hollywood Ending
Hollywood Ending is an American film from 2002 written and directed by Woody Allen, who also plays the principal character. It tells the story of a once-famous film director who suffers hysterical blindness due to the intense pressure of directing.
i saw this film when i was a kid and i was a little girl
 i was surprised to see this movie and i 'm not sure if it
it 's a happy ending

Children of the Corn VHS
Children of the Corn [VHS]

(View amazon detail page)

ASIN:  6302720419
Binding:  VHS
the musical score by john wayne and john wayne are in the film
 great story line .
the animation is beautiful

Sansho the Bailiff VHS
Set in the 11th century, this critically acclaimed film tells a compelling story of injustice and suffering. When a kindly governor is exiled, his wife is forced into prostitution, and his son and daughter are sold into slavery to the tyrannical bailiff Sansho. With authentic sets and rich imagery, Mizoguchi chillingly re-creates the barbaric feudal society.
the storyline is very good
 i was not expecting much to say about this movie .
a sequel to the first one

The Boondock Saints
Thou shalt not kill. It's the one commandment they cannot keep. Tough, stylish and extreme, fans of <I>Reservoir Dogs</I> and <I>Pulp Fiction</I> will thrill to the action, intensity and intelligence of this modern day morality tale written in blood. Starring Willem Dafoe (<I>The English Patient</I>), Sean Patrick Flanery (<I>Powder</I>), and Norman Reedus <I>8MM</I>.<br> When the sadistic Russian mob starts muscling in on their South Boston Irish neighborhood, Connor and Murphy McManus know what must be done. Feeling that the vengeance of God is flowing through their veins, they set out to rid the streets of gangsters, criminals and lowlifes. As the body count rises, the brothers became local heroes. Now, one unorthodox FBI agent must be cunning enough to bring them down.
 the film is a bit of a film that has been done by a
 the film is a bit of a film that is not as good as
 there are some good extras here .

What Lies Beneath VHS
What Lies Beneath [VHS]
it is a very good movie
it is a bit of humor in the film
it is still worth watching

Kingdom Of The Spiders
KINGDOM OF THE SPIDERS
and this movie is worth the price of admission
it 's a very funny moments
good and good film

Swept Away
MADONNA and ADRIANO GIANNINI star in director/screenwriter GUY RITCHIE'S contemporary adaptation ofLina Wertmuller's 1974 romantic comedy, "Swept Away," a story of love, sex and too much money - allset against the backdrop of a spectacular Mediterranean island paradise. A rich, spoiled socialite(Madonna) and a handsome Italian fisherman (Giannini) find themselves stranded on a deserted islandwhere matters of material wealth and class disparity are meaningless. And in their struggle to survive and coexist in their paradise found, they soon discover that their dramatic differences are suddenly the source of a fierce, passionate and sometimes hilarious animal attraction.
the best performance in the film
the actors are great
the film was released in the theater

Alice in Wonderland Walt Disney Masterpiece Collection  VHS
Imaginatively rendered but slightly chilly, this 1951 Disney adaptation of the Lewis Carroll classic is also appropriately surreal. Alice (voiced by Kathryn Beaumont) has all the anticipated experiences: shrinking and growing, meeting the White Rabbit, having tea with the Mad Hatter, etc. Characterization is very strong, and the Disney team worked hard to bring screen personality to Carroll's eccentric creations. For a Disney film, however, it seems more the self-satisfied sum of its inventiveness than a truly engaging experience. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
great cast and great story
i watched it in the theater and thought it was a good movie
with a lot of talent in this movie

Silent Trigger VHS
His closet allies have just become his deadliest enemies. Big screen hero Dolph Lundgren (<I>Johnny Mnemonic, Universal Soldier</I>) is back and ready for action in this explosive action thriller! Waxman (Lundgren) is a former Special Forces commando, now working as a highly trained, heavily armed assassin for a covert government organization known only as <I>The Agency</I>. But when a top-secret mission goes horribly wrong, Waxman and his beautiful but lethal accomplice Clegg (Gina Bellman) suddenly find out they are <I>The Agency's</I> prime targets! From <I>Highlander 1 & 2</I> director Russell Mulcahy comes an incredible tale of action and suspense where no one can be trusted.
i think this is a great film
i 'm not sure that i 'm not sure that i did n't know how
i love this classic series

Reindeer Games VHS
VHS-Action-Packed story of high-stakes crime and deception
the colors are vibrant and the colors are vibrant and the film is very well
the suspense is good
it hits the right place in the early days of the film

Europa Europa VHS
VHS - sealed pakage
the flick is about a group of teenagers who are in the woods
if you 're a fan of the movie
i 've watched this movie several times and it 's a good film to watch

Taxi To the Dark Side
DIRECTOR ALEX GIBNEY INVESTIGATES THE TORTURE & KILLING OF AN ONNOCENT AFGHANI TAXI DRIVER IN THIS GRIPPING PROBE INTORECKLESS ABUSES OF GOVERNMENT POWER.
this movie is a little slow
the special features are a little too much
it is a drama about a man who is a man who has to be

American Horror Story: Coven
An all-star cast reigns supreme in American Horror Story: Coven, including Emmy(R) winner and two-time OSCAR(R) Winner Jessica Lange*, OSCAR(R) Winner Kathy Bates** and ACADEMY AWARD(R) Nominee Angela Bassett+. The exceptional young witches at Miss Robichaux's Academy are under assault by forces of ignorance and hate. Caught in the turmoil is new arrival, Zoe, who harbors a terrifying secret of her own. Fiona (Lange), a Supreme Witch with unimaginable powers, is determined to protect the Coven, but her obsessive quest for immortality will lead her to cross paths with a formidable voodoo queen (Bassett) and a murderous slave owner (Bates) cursed with eternal life.
the dvd package is a great package
the scenes are great and the movie is very good
 .

The Expatriate
An ex-CIA agent is forced on the run when his employer marks him for for termination/ Intense/ On the Edge Action/ Shooting/ Fighting/ You Get it All!!!
 it 's a fun ride .
the first season of the series is a must see for the first season
the screen is one of the best episodes of the year

Flowers In The Attic
Based on the bestselling book by V. C. Andrews, the Lifetime(R) Original Movie, FLOWERS IN THE ATTICE, is a gothic story of four siblings who, after the death of their father, are torn from a peaceful life and subjected to abuse resulting from a dark, family secret. Abandoned by their mother and forced to endure unimaginable treatment living in the attic of their grandparents' mansion, the children form their own family unit. But as the oldest boy and girl come of age both emotionally and physically while caring for their younger siblings, they are entrapped by their family's sordid past as they try to survive and escape the harsh living conditions. Heather Graham stars as the mother and Ellen Burstyn as the cruel grandmother.
it 's not worth watching
i 've seen this movie several times and i do n't know why i do
and the script is so bad that it 's not a bad script

The Sixth Sense VHS
VHS. tape . ALWAYS A GREAT MOVIE. ORIGINAL CASE Bonus Feature includes Rules and Clues.).... PRIVATE COLLECTION. CHECK OUR STORE FRONT FOR MORE GREAT CDS, DVDS &amp; BOOKS. FAST SERVICE.
i have to say that the second installment is the best
he is better in the series
and stars in the series

Torchwood Miracle Day anglais
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
a great movie
the supporting cast is excellent
and a great ending

Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
a cast of characters
it is subtitled in english for the deaf .
it 's a fun movie with a lot of action and action sequences

Death on the Nile VHS
A murder is committed on a Nile steamer, but Hercule Poirot is on board...
the film is not a bad film
i think this movie is a good movie
the special features are a bit of a documentary

Nick of Time VHS
A Maniacal Person blackmails Johnny Depp into assassinating the President of the United States or his Daughter would be killed. Excellent Thriller. Early Johnny Depp movie.
the twist is a little bit too much for the time
the cast is excellent
a good film

The Mystery Science Theater 3000 Collection - The Essentials: (Manos, the Hands of Fate / Santa Claus Conquers the Martians)
Join Joel and his "robot friends" as they're forced to endure two of the worst movies ever made. To maintain their sanity, they hilariously skewer the films' performaces, special effects and dialogue.
the episodes are good
the first two seasons are very good
this dvd features a number of good episodes

Town That Dreaded Sundown VHS
Movie based on a true story of murder and mystery in Texarkana.
one of the worst directors of the year
this is a great sequel
this movie was good

Gabriel
Fallen angel Sammael has claimed the midworld in the name of darkness. With the help of his menacing, gun-toting task force, he has smothered the dark, dreary city in vice, violence and cruelty. Sammael's victory is assured--until the arrival of Gabriel, the last of Heaven's seven archangels. Gabriel is young, strong and the mightiest warrior seen since Michael, his predecessor, disappeared. In no time, Gabriel's bravery and skill threaten to decimate Sammael's evil henchmen and redeem Jade, the lost angel with the heart of gold. But Sammael has one last card to play: the secret of his own past, the knowledge of which could destroy Gabriel forever.
but the movie is a little bit too much
but this is a great movie
his performance in this film is a fine performance

Munich
Used but in great condition. Contains both discs, case and contents
i do n't know if i had to say that the last few moments were
the storyline is predictable and the storyline is predictable
i like movies like this

Kung Pow! Enter the Fist
Writer/director Steve Oedekerk (The Nutty Professor and Ace Ventura 2: When Nature Calls) creates an off-the-wall comedy and a new martial arts genre that substantially alters dubbed action footage from a 1970's martial arts picture with a brand new twist in the story line and altered dialogue. The story follows The Chosen One (Oedekerk) as he seeks to avenge the death of his parents at the hands of the evil and seemingly indestructible kung fu legend, Master Pain.
but there are some good moments
 i was n't expecting this .
this movie is about a man who has a killer who is trying to kill

Masterpiece Theatre: Mansfield Park
In one of Austens most complex plots, Billie Piper (Doctor Who, The Ruby in the Smoke) stars as Fanny Price, who goes to live with prosperous relatives at Mansfield Park. Fanny navigates a labyrinth of intrigues and affairs among the occupants of the house, while her cousin Edmund Bertram (Blake Ritson, Inspector Lynley Mysteries) remains her stalwart confidant. Also starring Jemma Redgrave (Bramwell) as Fannys observant aunt.
i have watched this movie several times and it was a good film to watch
he is a good actor
i was sucked into the story

Run, Fat Boy, Run
A slightly different slant on the 'slacker' comedy genre directed by 'Friends' star David Schwimmer. Five years ago Dennis (Simon Pegg) was at the altar about to marry Libby (Thandie Newton), his pregnant fiancee. He got cold feet and headed for the hills, and he's been going in circles ever since. When Dennis discovers Libby's now hooked up with high-flying go-getter Whit (Hank Azaria), he realises it's now or never. Assisted by his friend Gordon (Dylan Moran), he decides to enter a marathon to show he's not a quitter but then finds out just how much sweat, strain and pain it takes to run for 26 miles. No one rates his chances, but Dennis knows this is the only way to stop being a running joke.
 this is a good movie .
i found the ending in the movie
i was expecting to see the film when i was a kid and i was

Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties
MIRROR-IMAGE IN PRINCE, AN ARISTOCRATIC KITTY WHO HAS INHERITEDWHEN GARFIELD, JON & ODIE TRAVEL TO LONDON, GARFIELD MEETS HISA FABULOUS CASTLE. THE TWO TRADE PLACES & SOON GARFIELD ISWHEN GARFIELD, JON & ODIE TRAVEL TO LONDON, GARFIELD MEETS HISLIVING LAS AS ONLY HE CAN! THERE'S JUST ONE PROBLEM: THEWHEN GARFIELD, JON & ODIE TRAVEL TO LONDON, GARFIELD MEETS HISDASTARDLY LORD DARGIS WANTS HIM OUT OF THE PICTURE!
 it is a fun movie .
it 's a classic that you can see a lot of people who are in
the cast is very good

Tingler VHS
Ex-rental tape and cover in good condition
i have read some reviews about this movie
i have seen many of the films in the future
 the plot is a little slow but the plot is so good .

Giant Gila Monster VHS
The tranquility of a small Texas town is ruined when an enormous rear-projection lizard begins to terrorize the place! At first, the adults dismiss the kids' hysterics as nonsense. The sheriff is helpless and the adults fail miserably to defeat the thing, so it's up to the teenagers to take it on. Though this movie relies a little too heavily on plot and characters and not enough on giant lizards, it's still a fun slice of '50s camp. The lead character (played by Don Sullivan) sings some wildly inappropriate and goofy songs for some unintended comic relief. Rock & roll, hot rods, teenagers, huge monsters... all the elements are in place for this faintly ridiculous '50s funfest. <I>--Jerry Renshaw</I>
the actors in the film were excellent
the characters in the film are the main characters
this is a very good movie

The Wages of Fear
One of the most nerve-wracking and exciting films ever made, Henri-Georges Clouzot's masterpiece won the Grand Prize at the 1953 Cannes Film Festival. An American oil company enlists four tough drifters for a high-paying suicide mission-transporting explosives across the rough terrain of Central America. Criterion is proud to present <I>Wages of Fear</I> in its original 148-minute version.
 it 's a fun and fun to watch .
the first time i watched it
the special features are great

Hard Target
The thrill of the hunt. It's the ultimate drug, and the more intense the rush, the higher the price. International superstar Jean-Claude Van Damme teams up with world-famous action director John Woo for this electrifying thriller that WGN Radio hails as "Easily one of the year's best films!" Van Damme is the target of an evil mercenary (Lance Henriksen) who recruits homeless combat veterans for the "amusement" of his clients - bored tycoons who will pay a half a million dollars to stalk and kill the most challenging prey of them all: Man. Laced with dark humor and slam-packed with electrifying action Hard Target is a must see for action fans.
 it was funny .
but it 's worth a watch
but the only reason i did n't see this film was the first time i

Targets VHS
VHS tape
and it 's not a bad performance
the acting is wooden and the acting is bad
the remake of the movie is a remake of the first film

Courageous
Courageous
 .
it was a good movie but it was a good movie i was a kid
the cast is excellent

Of Human Bondage VHS
Dr Howard (leslie Howard) is hopelessly "in bondage" to something or someone (Betty Davis)- that realization is ultimately what makes the movie so depressing to watch. We can "identify" with Phillip's horrendous treatment at the hands of Mildred because he is obsessed beyond his ability to respond rationally.
i think the humor is funny and the humor is funny
i think the actress who played the role in this film is a little too
 but this is a great family movie to watch with your kids and adults

Shrek VHS
SHREK - SPECIAL EDITION VIDEOCASSETTE. The Party continues....MORE SHREK than ever before! All-New Extended Ending. - DVS Home Video Described movies for people who have trouble seeing the screen.
the actors are great
and the young boy
the cast is excellent

Daddy Day Care
DADDY DAY CARE is the hilarious comedy about kids ruling the roost! When ad execs Charlie (Dr. Dolittle's Eddie Murphy) and Phil (TV's "Curb Your Enthusiasm's" Jeff Garlin) lose their jobs trying to sell a veggie-flavored breakfast cereal, their wives head off to work. But when they realize they can't afford to keep their kids at the fancy Chapman Academy run by the evil Miss Harridan (The AddamsFamily's Anjelica Huston), Charlie and Phil become the proprietors of Daddy Day Care. Little do these two Mr. Moms realize that they have just begun their own adventures in babysitting! DADDY DAY CARE's excellent supporting cast includes Steve Zahn (Stuart Little), Regina King (Legally Blonde 2: Red, White and Blonde) and Kevin Nealon (Anger Management).
the characters are great
this is a great suspense film
 it is not a bad movie .

Hellraiser: Bloodline VHS
Hellraiser: Bloodline [VHS]
the ending is not as good as the first one
the hero is not the same as the hero
the killer is about a killer who is trying to figure out how to kill

Mary Reilly VHS
A housemaid falls in love with Dr. Jekyll and his darkly mysterious counterpart, Mr. Hyde.
the stars are great
this movie is very funny
but it 's a great thriller

The Gravedancers
A group of friends' lives are invaded by a trio of hostile ghosts after they engage in a drunken bout of gravedancing during a wake for an old chum.
it 's a great battle scene in the first season
it 's a great science fiction movie that will keep you on the edge of
i like this one of the first time i have seen the first two movies

Tarzan the Ape Man VHS
Bo Derek stars in this steamy update of a classic Tarzan film. Jim Parker, his beautiful daughter, Jane, and safari photographer Holt embark on an expedition to the wilds of Africa in search of the fabled elephants' graveyard. Instead they find Tarzan, The Ape Man. While Jane is swimming in a secluded pool, Tarzan kidnaps her. Jim threatens the jungle lord, but Tarzan soon returns Jane unharmed--and smitten. The Parker expedition, however, is captured by the murderous Ivory Warriors, guardians of the sacred elephants' graveyard. Tarzan rescues Jane from the brutal warrior chief, but her father is killed--and Jane decides to stay in the jungle with the ape-man she loves.
this is a very good movie
the film is a film that is a film that is definitely worth watching
the performance is a little bit too much to me

Alligator VHS  1980
Scary movie. Ages 12 and above.
and he gives a great performance
and he is a great actor
the plot is predictable

Fast Runner
Atanarjuat: The Fast Runner is the first feature film made in the Inuktitut language. Based on an ancient Inuit legend, it's an epic tale of love, betrayal, family, and survival played out against the harsh and barren white landscape of the Far Nor
i have seen this movie several times and i do n't think it 's a
this is one of the funniest films i 've seen in a long time
 i 'm a big fan of the film , and the fact that the

Blindness
UPC:786936775129<br>DESCRIPTION: A doctor's wife becomes the only person with the ability to see in a town where everyone is struck with a mysterious case of sudden blindness. She feigns illness in order to take care of her husband as her surrounding community breaks down into chaos and disorder. Based on a novel by Nobel Prize winner Jose Saramago.
the film is a little bit too much to be desired
i saw the original television in the late 70s
the storyline is good and the storyline is very good

Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous
The story catches up with FBI agent Gracie Hart (Sandra Bullock) shortly after she successfully disarmed a threat against the Miss United States Pageant while working undercover as a contestant in Miss Congeniality. Having become a media celebrity following her heroic pageant exploits, Gracie has been spending more time lately at the salon than the shooting range, working the talk show circuit and promoting her book. When her friends, pageant winner Cheryl and emcee Stan, are kidnapped in Las Vegas, Gracie
it is a very good movie
 the movie is a little slow but it is a must see .
 the story is a little too long and it is a great story .

Land of the Dead
Packed with more heart-pounding and blood-curdling thrills than any theater could show, this special Unrated Director's Cut unleashes the ultimate vision of George A. Romero's latest living-dead shock-fest! Starring Simon Baker, Dennis Hopper and John Leguizamo, Land of the Dead finds humanity's last remnants battling to survive the unspeakable truth: The ravenous zombie hordes besieging their fortified cityare evolving!
turns in a great performance
the acting is great
the film is a little slow moving

Kiss of the Dragon
Martial arts genius Jet Li explodes onto the screen with an intensity not seen since Bruce Lee. "Kiss of the Dragon" is not merely a thriller but a shocker. (San Francisco Chronicle) China's top secret agent visits Paris on a pleasure trip only to encounter government espionage at the highest level. "Li's action sequences are like an oil fire, spilling from one room into the next and lighing up in the interiors with heat and wreakage"! (The New York Times)
this is a great sequel to the classic disney animated series
this is a great sequel
this is a great edition

Pride and Prejudice VHS
Pride and Prejudice [VHS]
this is a classic movie that is a classic and it 's a classic
the best performance of the film is by far
this is a great sequel to the original

She VHS
No flaws, in factory shrinkwrap...brand new!
this movie is a good example of how the movie is n't as good as
 i was a kid and i 'm not sure that this is a must
the first season of the show is a little bit too much

Forces of Nature
On the way to his wedding, Ben's plane skids off the runway and he meets up with the free-spirited Sarah. They team up to embark on a journey south. But they encounter a series of disasters and Ben's fidelity is put to the test as he slowly falls in love with Sarah.
the cast is very good and the cast is excellent
the plot is very good and the plot is very good
the performances are excellent

Proof of Life
Their lives are on the line. Their hearts are out on a limb. The wife of a kidnap victim and the hostage negotiator working with her navigate a brutal world of terrorism that values money over life - and find their tasks complicated by the growing awareness that they're attracted to each other.
it 's a lot of funny moments
and i do n't think this is one of the worst movies i 've ever
the main character is a little too bad

Sense &amp; Sensibility
Emma Thompson, Alan Rickman, Kate Winslet and Hugh Grant star in this captivating romantic comedy that swept the Ten Best Lists and was named the Best Picture of the Year by the Golden Globes(r). Based on Jane Austen's classic novel, <i>Sense and Sensibility</i> tells of the Dashwood sisters, sensible Elinor (Thompson) and passionate Marianne (Winslet), whose chances at marriage seem doomed by their family's sudden loss of fortune. Rickman, Grant, and Greg Wise co-star as the well-intentioned suitors who are trapped by the strict rules of society and the conflicting laws of desire.
the plot is very good and the story is very good
this is a great horror movie that is a horror movie that will keep you
this is one of the worst movies i 've seen in a long time

Godzilla vs. The Sea Monster VHS
collectible condition
love the actors in this movie
i have watched this movie several times and it was a little too long
the plot is predictable

The Curse of the Jade Scorpion VHS
A Woody Allen comedy starring Woody Allen, Dan Aykroyd, Elizabeth Berkley, John Schuck, Wallace Shawn, David Ogden Stiers, Charlize Theron and Helen Hunt
a romantic comedy
this movie is a little slow
 the acting is great and the scenery is great and the acting is great

I Remember Mama VHS
This high point in the 1940s vogue for movies about family life at the turn of the century was directed by George Stevens (<I>Shane</I>), and stars Irene Dunne as the matriarch of a Norwegian family that faces hard knocks with grace in 1910 (or so) San Francisco. Based on John Van Druten's hit play (derived from Kathryn Forbes's autobiographical memoir), the film is gorgeously rendered and quite moving as an act of memory. The sterling cast of character actors--Edgar Bergen, Rudy Vallee, Oscar Homolka, Barbara Bel Geddes, Ellen Corby, Cedric Hardwicke--add great texture and a depth of experience that make the film feel quite lived-in. Hardwicke's turn as a penniless boarder who "pays" his rent by reciting from classic literature is a special highlight. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
i watched this movie in the theater
there 's a lot of action and action sequences in this movie
this is a great adventure

Hamlet VHS
Franco Zeffirelli's stripped-down, two-hour version of Shakespeare's play stars Mel Gibson as a rather robust version of the ambivalent Danish prince. Gibson is much better in the part than many critics have admitted, his powers of clarity doing much to make this particular <i>Hamlet</i> more accessible than several other filmed versions. The supporting cast is outstanding, including Glenn Close as Gertrude, Alan Bates as Claudius, Ian Holm as Polonius, and Helena Bonham Carter as Ophelia. Zeffirelli's vigorous direction employs a lively camera style that nicely alters the viewer's preconceptions about the way <i>Hamlet</i> should look. <i>--Tom Keogh</i>
 i 'm a big fan of the old vampire movies and this one is
the movie opens with a great chase chase and a chase in the woods
the action scenes are pretty good

A Fistful of Dynamite VHS
A different sort of Sergio Leone Western, this one takes place during the Mexican Revolution, with more politics than usual. But there's still plenty of action, with Rod Steiger as a cigar-chomping peasant who robs banks to liberate political prisoners, and James Coburn as an Irish terrorist trying to flee from his bitter past. They team up to thwart a sadistic officer and help the cause; redemption for the more subdued Coburn provides added depth. Beware: this is not the longer uncut version (released in Italy) known as <I>Duck, You Sucker</I>, featuring more flashbacks, more politics, and a more unsavory Steiger. But it's terrific fun, even in this shortened version, with Ennio Morricone's moody score and Coburn's most underrated performance. <I>--Bill Desowitz</I>
 the film is a bit slow , but it 's not a bad ,
the film is about a man who is a young man whose lives
 the movie is very well done and the acting is very good .

French Kiss VHS
Meg Ryan emerges bloodied but unbowed from this botched comedy by Lawrence Kasdan (<I>The Big Chill</I>). Ryan plays a woman whose fianc&eacute; (Timothy Hutton) leaves her for a Parisian beauty. She jets over to the City of Lights to fight for her man, but an incapacitating fear of flying forces her to seek help from a fellow passenger, a French thief played by Kevin Kline, who then tutors her in the ways of getting her beau back. Kasdan seems incapable of pacing the story, let alone getting a firm grip on its comic tone and intentions. The production sputters and regroups and stalls repeatedly, forcing Ryan, particularly, to find the boundaries of her own screwball performance. <i>--Tom Keogh</i>
the plot is very good
it 's a good movie
the young boy is a young boy who is a young boy who is a

Crazy Heart
Four-time Academy Award nominee JEFF BRIDGES stars as the richly comic; semi-tragic romantic anti-hero Bad Blake in the debut feature film CRAZY HEART from writer-director Scott Cooper. Bad Blake is a broken-down; hard-living country music singer who's had way too many marriages; far too many years on the road and one too many drinks way too many times. And yet; Bad can't help but reach for salvation with the help of Jean (MAGGIE GYLLENHAAL); a journalist who discovers the real man behind the musician. As he struggles down the road of redemption; Bad learns the hard way just how tough life can be on one man's crazy heart.
the dvd is also included on the dvd and the featurette is included
this is a classic in the series
the dvd is packed with the original and the soundtrack is great

Robin Hood - Men in Tights VHS
It's not <I>Blazing Saddles</I>, but there are some chuckles to be found in Mel Brooks's 1993 spoof of the Robin Hood legend. Cary Elwes is Robin (with a lighthearted jab at Kevin Costner's bad English accent in <I>Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves</I>), while Richard Lewis plays an angst-ridden King John, and Roger Rees a snotty Sheriff of Nottingham. Comic David Chappelle has some good moments as the only black member of Robins's noble thieves, and Brooks does his own spin on Friar Tuck: Rabbi Tuchman. The song-and-dance sequences featuring a chorus line of the Merry Men ("We're men / men in tights") is vintage Brooks, but otherwise the film can't get any traction. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the drama is good
this is a good horror film
if you are a fan of the original films

Police Academy
Police Academy
the actors are great
the script is good
this movie is a little too much to me

House of Flying Daggers
"Prepare your eyes for popping," in this "martial-arts fireball that throws in a lyrical love story, head spinning fights and dazzling surprises" (Rolling Stone). "A gorgeous entertainment" (A.O. Scott, New York Times). Mei is an exotic, beautiful blind dancer, associated with a dangerous revolutionary gang, known as the House of Flying Daggers. Captured by officers of the decadent Tang Dynasty, Mei finds herself both threatened - and attracted - to the most unusual circumstances. Here, her heart and loyalties battle each other, amid warriors in the treetops and dazzling combat - the likes of which have never before been seen!
 the only thing i can say is that it 's a good movie to
a morality tale
i saw this film in theaters in theaters

Beverly Hills Cop VHS
While its sequels were formulaic and safe, the first <I>Beverly Hills Cop</I> set out to explore some uncharted territory, and succeeded. A blend of violent action picture and sharp comedy, the film has an excellent director, Martin Brest (<i>Scent of a Woman</i>), who finds some original perspectives on stock scenes (highway chases, police rousts) and hits a gleeful note with Murphy while skewering L.A. culture. Good support from Judge Reinhold and John Ashton as local cops not used to doing things the Detroit way (Murphy's character hails from the Motor City). Paul Reiser has a funny, brief moment at the beginning, and Bronson Pinchot makes a hilarious impression in a great, never-to-be-duplicated scene with the star. <i>--Tom Keogh</i>
the film is a little slow moving
there are some touching moments in this film
the action scenes are very good

The Thaw
When a renowned environmental advocate, Dr. David Kruipen (Val Kilmer), discovers the carcass of a woolly mammoth in a polar ice cap, he leads a team of four bright ecology students in a research mission at a remote Arctic station. The group uncovers information beyond their wildest dreams&hellip;and nightmares when a prehistoric parasite revives and searches for a new warm-blooded host. Now infected, the unsuspecting students are forced to choose between a quarantine that will result in their death or a global epidemic.
theres a good movie
there are some funny moments
this is a great flick

Layer Cake
Planning to retire and begin a new life, Mr. X (Daniel Craig, Lara Croft: Tomb Raider), a successful West End drug dealer, has been asked for one last favor: to negotiate the sale of one million hitsof Ecstasy. Unfortunately for Mr. X, the pills were stolen from a Serbian drug lord who'll cut offhis head if he sells them. And with a London crime czar (Michael Gambon, Open Range & The Insider)promising to retire him permanently if he doesn't, Mr. X may be rightfully concerned about his future. Nothing worth losing his head over.
with a great cast
great cast
the twists and turns in this movie is very good

The Breakfast Club
They were five teenage students with nothing in common, faced with spending a Saturday detention together in their high school library. At seven a.m., they had nothing to say, but by four p.m., they had bared their souls to each other and become good friends. John Highes, creator of the critically acclaimed Sixteen Candles, wrote, directed and produced this hilarious and often touching comedy starring Emilio Estevez, Anthony Michael Hall, Judd Nelson, Molly Ringwald and Ally Sheedy. To the outside world they were simply the Jock, the Brain, the Criminal, the Princess and the Kook, but to each other, they would always be The Breakfast Club.
but it starts out with a bang
but the film is a very funny and touching tale that is a great film
but the movie is not bad

Attack VHS
Attack [VHS]
ASIN:  6304466110
Binding:  VHS
all the actors are great
i was very surprised at the actors
i was expecting a little more backstory about how the film was

The SpongeBob Squarepants Movie
Everyone's favorite sponge that lives in a pineapple at the bottom of the sea sets out on a quest with his sidekick Patrick, a starfish, to save Bikini Bottom from evil forces.
i like the movies that are so good that i do n't know why i
and the romance is so annoying and i love the movie
this film was a little too much for me

Wicker Man VHS
Horror film on VHS TAPE.
and some moments are worth watching
the film is a little bit too much to me and it 's a good
the trailer is very good and the trailer is very good

Hotel Rwanda
The true story of a man who stood up the atrocities in Rwanda and offered his hotel as shelter for thousands of refugees. Over 1 million people were brutally murdered in three months, but this man saved lives one at a time.
with a cast of characters
) a great classic
i have to say that i was watching it in the theatre

Summer Rental VHS
John Candy's first leading role was in this 1985 film by Carl Reiner, in which the comic actor played a stressed-out air traffic controller who takes his family on a Florida vacation and has to deal with arrogant, rich jerks. Candy is good in what is almost a straight part (albeit with some jokes), and Reiner keeps the tone in check so his star has an opportunity to show more than one dimension. <i>--Tom Keogh</i>
the sequel is not a bad sequel
 i 'm not a fan of the first , but i 'm not a
the budget was low budget and the film is not bad

Descent,the Version anglais
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
this is one of the greatest actors of all time
but it 's one of the best remakes of the year
 and you will be disappointed .

The Chinese Connection VHS
OUT OF PRINT
 it 's a shame that the director 's cut is so much more than
 it 's a shame that the director did n't get much better .
it 's a good film

Earth's Core VHS
A Science fiction adventure.
 this is a must see for the first time .
this is one of the best seasons of the series
i have to say that this season was worth watching

Man in the White Suit VHS
VHS movie
the characters are great and the characters are great
the movie is a great movie and it 's not as good as the first
the cast is great and the actors are great

Night Gallery: The Complete First Season
Prepare for the chill of a lifetime as the master of suspense, Rod Serling, hosts over 20 episodes of terror in this classic series, featuring the original pilot movie and every spine-tingling episode from the complete first season of Night Gallery.Thrill to stories adapted from short story legends such as H. P. Lovecraft and Conrad Aiken, performed by Hollywood greats including Diane Keaton, Joan Crawford and Roddy McDowall, and directed by cinematic masters like Steven Spielberg in this unforgettable series - now available on DVD for the first time!
the colors are beautiful
her performance is a good performance
the main character is not a bad guy

The Next Karate Kid VHS
Martial Arts
it 's a great action flick
there are some great extras
 i do n't know if you are a fan of the first , and

The Unbearable Lightness of Being
Philip Kaufman achieves a delicate, erotic balance with his screen version of Milan Kundera's "unfilmable" novel. Adapted by Kaufman and Jean-Claude Carri&#232;re, the film follows a womanizing surgeon (Daniel Day-Lewis) as he struggles with his free-spirited mistress (Lena Olin) and his childlike wife (Juliette Binoche). An intimate epic, <I>The Unbearable Lightness of Being</I> charts the frontiers of relationships with wit, emotion, and devastating honesty.
the color of the film is very well done
this is a great actor
i have seen this film several times and it is a very good comedy

V - The Original TV Miniseries VHS
SCI-FI
this is a great comedy
the ending is predictable but i did n't know what i did
and a lot of people who like this movie

The Statement
Veteran actor and two-time Oscar(r) winner Michael Caine stars with Tilda Swinton and Jeremy Northam in THE STATEMENT, a shocking and provoking thriller that delves into a fascinating chapter in modernevents! An ambitious Judge (Swinton) and an exacting Colonel (Jeremy Northam) re-open the sixty-year-old case of Pierre Brossard (Michael Caine), an escaped Nazi collaborator accused of murdering seven Jews. Now an old man living a sheltered life within the Catholic Church, Brossard is also being trailed by mysterious hit men, determined to kill him before he's arrested. When the Church shuts outBrossard to protect their dirty secret, it's a race against time, the government, and the hit men to discover whether justice will prevail or revenge will be served!
this is a great movie
this is a good movie
the movie is great and the story is great

Torchwood: Season 1
More than a spin-off of the Russell T. Davies incarnation of Doctor Who, the BBC series Torchwood is a wholly enjoyable blend of drama, science-fiction thrills, and mature subject matter that never fails to deliver its main purpose: to enter
 but it is one of the best movies i 've ever seen .
the film is a film that is a film that is a film that is
 i have seen it and it is one of the best movies i have

House on Telegraph Hill
A Polish survivor of a Nazi death camp assumes another woman's identity and son in San Francisco.
one of the best films i have seen in a long time
 i saw this one and i am a big fan of the great movies
the dialogue is good

2001 Maniacs
An old-fashioned Southern town welcomes Yankee tourists and then plans to kill them off one by one.
a young teenager
the special features are not included
 the story is a little bit too much for me and i like the

Saved!
Good girl Mary (Jena Malone) and her best friend Hilary Faye (Mandy Moore) are at the top of the food chain at American Eagle Christian High School. But all that is about to change in this "subversively funny" (USA Today) teen comedy about hype, hypocrisy and high school. Also starring Macaulay Culkin and Patrick Fugit, Saved! is "a boldly hilarious satire" (Rolling Stone)!
there are some good moments
this movie is a great movie to watch
but it 's a good movie to watch

Driven VHS
A young hot shot driver (Kip Pardue from Remember the Titans) is in the middle of a championship season and is coming apart at the seams. A former CART champion (Sylvester Stallone) is called in to give him guidance.
 the first two seasons is very good .
 the show is very good .
but it is worth watching

Immortal
Nyc, Year 2095. A Floating Pyramid Has Emerged In The Skiesabove, Inhabited By Ancient Egyptian Gods. They Have Castjudgment Down Upon Horus, One Of Their Own. Now He Must Find Ahuman Host Body To Inhabit & Search For A Mate To Continue Hisown Life.
 i love the book and i love the book and i love the action
 the story is great , the story is great and the characters are great
 .

Killer Elite
Jason Statham (The Italian Job), Academy Award nominee Clive Owen (Closer) and Academy Award winner Robert De Niro (Raging Bull) star in Killer Elite, one of the best action thrillers of the year! (Richard Roeper) When two of the worlds most elite operatives -- Danny, a retired contract killer (Statham), and Hunter, his longtime mentor (De Niro) - go up against the cunning leader of a secret military society (Owen), their hunt takes them around the globe from Australia to Paris, London, and the Middle East. As the stakes rise along with the body count, Danny and Hunter are soon plunged into an action-packed game of cat-and-mouse where no one is what they seem. Based on a shocking true story, its an explosive, no-mercy thrill ride where the predator ultimately becomes the prey.
the special features are excellent
a script and script are excellent
the cast is uniformly excellent

 Edge of Heaven
Fatih Akin, the critically-acclaimed director of HEAD-ON, weaves overlapping tales of friendship and sexuality into a powerful narrative of universal love. Six characters are drawn together by circumstances-an old man and a prostitute forging a partnership, a young scholar reconciling his past, two young women falling in love, and a mother putting the shattered pieces of her life back together. Akin's piercing sense of the human condition and contemporary world events charge these hyperlinked stories into a multi-cultural powder keg.
 i would recommend this to anyone who likes to watch it with your friends
the landscapes are great and the film is very well done and the cinematography is
and the performances are all good

Prey
Tom Newman (Peter Weller) can
i found the plot was very good
the characters are great
the production values are excellent

I Walked with a Zombie / The Body Snatcher
Literary classics become screen horror classics when given the Lewton touch. Take the gothic romance of Jane Eyre reset it in the West Indies add the direction of Jacques Tourneur (Cat People) and the overriding terror of the living dead and you have I Walked with a Zombie. Frances Dee plays the nurse who witnesses the strange power of voodoo. Boris Karloff plays the title role in the Lewton adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's The Body Snatcher directed with subtle calculation by versatile Robert Wise. A doctor (Henry Daniell) needs cadavers for medical studies and Karloff is willing to provide them one way or another. Don't miss his scene with fellow horror icon Bela Lugosi.Running Time: 147 min.Format: DVD MOVIE Genre:&nbsp;HORROR UPC:&nbsp;053939724325
this movie is worth a watch
it 's a good acting and a good story line
this movie was terrible

Lilo &amp; Stitch
DVD
and the special effects are great
the film is very good
the cast is excellent

Agora
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
i was n't expecting much to say that this was a good release
it 's pacing is slow and the pacing is slow
it starts out with a great start

Indochine VHS
R&eacute;gis Wargnier's 1992 Oscar winner for Best Foreign Film is a bit like watching paint dry, despite its exotic locale and lead performance by the legendary Catherine Deneuve (<I>Belle de Jour</I>, <I>The Umbrellas of Cherbourg</I>). Deneuve plays a wealthy French landowner, born and raised in Indochina, from 1930 until 1955, the year of a Communist takeover. The brewing political changes bound to upset her fortune and destiny find an even more personal parallel in her relationship with an adopted daughter (Linh Dan Pham), who grows up and becomes independent. The outline of this scenario sounds pretty good, but the film is flat and unworthy of its star. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the cinematography is great
the cast was great
the drama is a little bit too much for the audiences

 Dance Of The Dead [DVD]
On the night of the big high-school prom, the dead rise to eat the living, and the only people who can stop them are the losers who couldn't get dates to the dance.
the scares are good
a great horror movie
this is a great movie

Futureworld VHS
VHS Tape
this is a great musical score
with a great deal of the film that is a treat to the film
is a very good performance and is a very good film with a great cast

Adventures in Babysitting VHS
Unopened 1987 Touchtone release.
the first season of the show is a little bit too much
and the actors are great
the episodes are good

Vampire in Brooklyn VHS
Eddie Murphy teamed up with shockmeister Wes Craven to make this stale attempt at a horror-comedy. Murphy had the right idea, because the concept is intriguing: He plays a vampire from the Caribbean fulfilling a prophecy to rejoin his vampire queen, who turns out to be a Brooklyn cop (Angela Bassett) who is half-bloodsucker but doesn't understand the impulses being awakened in her. Bassett is a seductive presence and Murphy looks the part: sleek, inviting, and spooky. But Craven, perhaps the most overrated horror director working, can't handle comedy--at least not intentionally--and his idea of horror here is extravagant (and not particularly convincing) makeup. <I>--Marshall Fine</I>
there is a lot of scenery in this movie
this movie is a great movie
the film is a good example of the film

The Jason Bourne Collection (The Bourne Identity / The Bourne Supremacy / The Bourne Ultimatum)
Get ready for non-stop action, edge-of-your-seat suspense and spectacular chase sequences with everyone's favorite assassin in The Jason Bourne Collection! Matt Damon is Jason Bourne, an elite government agent determined to outwit and outmaneuver anyone who stands in the way of his finding out the secrets of his mysterious past. Follow his explosive, action-packed adventures in three blockbuster films from one of the most popular series of all time: The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Supremacy and The Bourne Ultimatum. Loaded with hours of bonus features, The Jason Bourne Collection is the ultimate Bourne experience for movie fans everywhere!
and special effects
 i love the movie .
the cast is great

Blood Work
A former FBI profiler who has recently undergone a heart transplant comes out of retirement to track down the serial killer who has recently begun killing victims with the former agent's blood type.
it is worth watching
the big screen is a good example of the movie
the film is a film that is a little too long

Neon Genesis Evangelion: Genesis 0:2 VHS
Evangelion, certainly one of the most popular--and arguably one of the best--animes ever produced, is the rare sci-fi series that actually follows through on the ambitious themes and ideas it presents. The series is set in the year 2015, fifteen years after what was supposedly a meteorite struck Antarctica, wiping out half the population of the Earth while leaving the rest to contend with rising sea levels and figure out exactly what happened. Chief among the mysteries is the arrival of the Angels, an alien race who are possibly responsible for the subsequent attacks on Tokyo. Humanity's only hope for survival is the powerful humanoid warrior Evangelion, created by the NERV organization and piloted by a group of genius teenagers.
the actors are great
 i 'm a fan of the first two seasons of this series .
 if you 're a fan of the series , you will be hooked .

Night Of The Living Dead
SPECIAL FEATURES*<br>Audio Commentary with Director Jeff Broadstreet, Screenwriter Robert Valding and Actor Sid Haig<br><br>Night of the Living Dead 3D Behind-the-Scenes Featurette<br><br>Q & A with the Filmmakers and Actor Sid Haig at the New Beverly Cinema <br><br>Filming in 3-D: A Behind-the-Scenes Special Look<br><br>Theatrical Trailer, TV and Radio Spots<br><br>3-D Still Gallery<br><br>Blooper Reel<br><br>16x9 Widescreen<br><br>5.1 Dolby Digital Audio<br><br>English and Spanish Subtitles <br><br>English Closed Captions
 it is a great show .
it started out with a great start
i was originally released in the theater

Sherlock: Season 1
Note: Blu-ray discs are in a high definition format and need to be played on a Blu-ray player. To find out more about Blu-ray, visit our Hi-Def Learn & Shop store.

Please note that this product will not play on US spec 60i Blu-ray players as the Blu-ray discs are authored to UK 50i specs.
WILL NOT PLAY ON SONY PRODUCTS DUE TO LACK OF PAL/50i Support.

Important Information on Firmware Updates: Having trouble with your Blu-ray disc player? Will certain discs just not play? You may need to update the firmware inside your player. Click here to learn more.
this movie was awesome
i was expecting a little more than a thriller
i was not expecting a bad movie

Jack Frost
VHS
a great film that is worth watching
in the roles of her life
 the acting is good .

Virus VHS
Virus [VHS] [VHS Tape] [1999]
this is a great performance
this film is a great film
the performances are excellent

Wrong Turn 5: Bloodlines
The backwoods of West Virginia are deeper, darker and deadlier than ever in this all-new, unrated chapter of WRONG TURN! The cutting-edge terror continues when a small mining town hosts the legendary Mountain Man Festival on Halloween, where crowds of costumed partygoers gather for a wild night of music and mischief. But a killer celebration soon gives way to a blood-soaked feeding frenzy when an inbred family of hillbilly cannibals trick and treat themselves to a group of visiting college students who are just dying for a good time.
the movie is a good movie to watch and it is a good movie to
this was the first movie i saw in theaters
this movie was very good

The Hills Have Eyes
Based on the original film by fright master Wes Craven, The Hills Have Eyes is the story of a family road trip that goes terrifyingly awry when the travelers become stranded in a government atomic zone. Miles from nowhere, the Carter family soon realizes the seemingly uninhabited wasteland is actually the breeding ground of a blood-thirsty mutant family... and they are the prey.
great special effects
the pacing is very good and the pacing is very good
 i have to give it a 5 stars .

The Last Wagon
Brace yourself for ?a tough, gritty, rip-snorting, Indian-fighting melodrama? (Cue) that?s drenched in suspense! Richard Widmark (The Alamo) gives ?one of his finest performances? (Los Angeles Examiner) as a wanted man unexpectedly freed in Indian country in this ?exciting? (Newsweek) and ?first-rate, historical Western!? (The Hollywood Reporter) <P>Adopted by the Comanche. Accused by the white man. On the road to his murder trial, ?Comanche Todd? (Widmark) is a soul without hope. But when a band of savage Apaches attacks his wagon train, leaving only a few teenaged survivors, he must choose between the freedom that fortune has handed him, and delivering the youths safely home. With a death sentence hanging over his head, will he risk losing his own life in order to save theirs?
and it 's not a film to watch
it 's a very good movie
 ) , it 's not as good as the first one .

Like Mike
Young Hollywood orphan, Calvin (Lil' Bow Wow) has two dreams: a family to call his own and to play in the NBA. When a pair of shoes once worn by Michael Jordan are donated to the orphanage, his dreams come true. Cameos by several NBA players.
the cinematography is beautiful and the cinematography is beautiful
this is a great adventure
i was n't sure why i did n't like this film

Headhunters
Roger is a charming scoundrel and Norway's most accomplished headhunter. He lives a life of luxury well beyond his means and chooses to subsidize his expensive lifestyle through stealing highly prized art. When his beautiful wife, an art gallery owner, introduces him to a former mercenary in the possession of an extremely valuable painting, he decides to risk it all in order to obtain it, and in doing so, he discovers something which makes him a hunted man.
the film is a good film
i like this movie
it 's a good horror movie

Down Periscope VHS
Kelsey Grammer stars as the captain of a rust-bucket submarine who is fighting for his career by proving his skills in a contest against far more sophisticated ships. Rob Schneider provides comic support as an uptight ensign, and Lauren Holly plays an officer who has to fight her own will-they-accept-me-because-I'm-a-woman anxieties. The film didn't do well at the box office, but it is actually pretty funny, Grammer is enjoyable, and the above-the-water/below-the-water action sequences are as good as any in most submarine films. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
 i 'm not sure if you like the war of the war , but
leap rating ( i 'm sure i had to watch it
it has a great script and a great story

The Giant Behemoth VHS
The Giant Behemoth [VHS] 

(View amazon detail page)

ASIN:  6304443307 
Binding:  VHS
 i was not sure to see this movie .
a great family movie
the characters are great

Christmas with the Kranks
When their only daughter Blair leaves the family nest, Luther and Nora Krank (Tim Allen and Jamie Lee Curtis) decide to book an island cruise to beat the yuletide blues and just skip the holidays. But their decision to boycott tradition has the whole neighborhood in an uproar, and when Blair callson Christmas Eve to announce a surprise visit with her new fiance, the Kranks have just twelve hours to perform a miracle and pull themselves and their neighbors together to throw the best celebration ever! With fast-paced energy and support from Dan Aykroyd, Cheech Marin, Jake Busey and M. EmmetWalsh, this hilarious adaptation of John Grisham's best-selling novel, "Skipping Christmas" has become "an instant family classic!" (Gorman Woodfin, CBN)
i bought this movie in the theaters
the animation is great and the animation is great
 it is a classic .

Dr. No VHS Tape
The film that introduced the world to Sean Connery as James Bond. 007 is sent to Jamaica to investigate the murders of two British operatives
 i was a little disappointed .
this is a very good film
the story is very good and the twists are all the way through

Shattered Glass
Hayden Christensen stars as Stephen Glass, a staff writer for the respected current events and policy magainze The New Republic and a freelance feature writer for Rolling Stone, Harper's Bazaar and George. By the mid-90s, Glass' articles had turned him into one of the most sought-after journalists in Washington, but a bizarre chain of events suddenly stopped his career in its tracks.
 the only thing i 've seen , and the original , and the original
this is a great film
the acting is good

Friday the 13th Part 7:New Blood VHS
Anything "Carrie" like always gets my attention
but it 's a bit of humor in it
this is a great comedy and i enjoyed it
 i love it .

American Psycho VHS
OUT OF PRINT
 she is a good story .
 i was n't expecting much to say .
this is a great movie

Good Son VHS
Evil resides in an unexpected place in this gripping, suspense-filled drama. Macaulay Culkin stars as Henry, an angelic-looking boy who seems loving and loyal to his parents, sister and friends. Only his cousin Mark (Elijah Wood) sees what lurks behind Henry's smile- secret thoughts and a love of deadly games. But when Mark tries to warn Henry's family, they won't believe him, leaving the terrified youngster alone to battle his jealous, menacing cousin.
one of the best movies of all time
the storyline is interesting
the performances are good

Colossus:Forbin Project VHS
Futuristic
the soundtrack is great
there is a lot of bonus features in this dvd
 .

Paul McCartney: Back in the U.S. - Live 2002 Concert Film
Paul McCartney: Back in the U.S. - Live 2002 Concert Film
it 's a great horror movie
there are some good moments
and the performances are uniformly excellent

They Shoot Horses, Don't They? VHS
They Shoot Horses Don't They - VHS
the film is a great film
the first two episodes are good
the performances are excellent and the performances are excellent

In the Land of Blood and Honey
Angelina Jolie In The land of Blood and Honey. During the Bosnian War, Danijel, a soldier fighting for the Serbs, re-encounters Ajla, a Bosnian who's now a captive in his camp he oversees. Their once promising connection has become ambiguous as their motives have changed.
he is a great movie
the movie is definitely worth watching
and it 's worth viewing

Masterpiece Theatre: Elizabeth I - The Virgin Queen
The Virgin Queen is a refreshing and intimate account of the Elizabeth Is rule. The tale begins when Elizabeth is a teen-age princess imprisoned in the Tower of London by her half-sister Queen Mary, charged with conspiracy and treason. We follow the young princess as she fights to hang on to her head and at the same time consolidate her power.
i have to say that i did n't like movies like this
i have seen the first two movies and i have never seen it but i
i 'm sure i 'm sure i 'm sure the only reason i did n't

 Fireproof [Blu-ray]
Kirk Cameron (Left Behind) stars as Caleb Holt, a heroic fire captain who values dedication and service to others above all else. But the most important partnership in his life, his marriage, is about to go up in smoke. This gripping story follows one man's desire to transform his life and marriage through the healing power of faith and fully embrace the fireman's code: Never Leave Your Partner Behind.
a young teenager
 i love the family and the kids are so happy and i love it
 a family movie with a family .

Curse of the Demon VHS
Supernatural Horror
a great classic
but it 's a good family film
but i liked this movie

Godzilla Vs Gigan VHS
A GIANT JAPANESE MONSTER film.
this movie is a good movie
 this is a must see for the first time .
 this is a good movie to watch .

Scars of Dracula VHS
VHS Tape
i read the reviews of this movie
the characters are great
the cast is excellent

The Final Cut
IT'S A COMPELLING FABLE THAT OFFERS A VISION OF A WORLD WHERE MEMORY IMPLANTS RECORD ALL MOMENTS IN A PERSON'S LIFE. POST MORTEM, THESE MEMORIES ARE REMOVED AND EDITED BY A 'CUTTER' INTO A REEL DEPICTING THE LIFE OF THE DEPARTED FOR A COMMEMORATIVE CEREMONY CALLED A 'REMEMORY'.
and the actors are great
the film starts out with a great cast
a classic movie

Raising Victor Vargas
Victor doesn't have much, but that's not stopping him from trying to go out with Judy, the prettiest girl on the block. All he's got is hope and a one-bedroom apartment he shares with his family. Hisgrandmother doesn't trust him, his brother worships him, and his half-sister just declared war. ButVictor thinks love really can conquer all in this warm, genuine and touching romantic comedy about life in the part of the city most people never see.
the score is great
the soundtrack is very good
this is a great adventure and a great addition to the classic disney collection

Because of Winn-Dixie
Based on the perennial best seller, Because of Winn Dixie tells the story of a lonely young girl who adopts an orphaned dog she names Winn-Dixie (for the supermarket where she found him). The bond between the girl and her special companion brings together the people in a small Florida town and heals her own troubled relationship with her father. (20th Century Fox)
it 's worth owning
it 's a good movie to watch
the film is a little bit of a film that is a little to see

The Lone Ranger
Johnny Depp and Armie Hammer star in THE LONE RANGER, from Jerry Bruckheimer Films and Director Gore Verbinski. It's a wild ride of high-velocity action, explosions and gunfights that brings the famed masked legend to life through brand-new eyes. The Lone Ranger (Hammer), the last of his kind, teams with Tonto (Depp), a dark and mysterious vigilante, to seek vengeance after justice has failed them. It's a runaway train of epic surprises, as these two unlikely heroes must learn to work together before the ultimate showdown between good and evil explodes.
i have watched this movie several times and it was a good movie to watch
and the documentaries are great
i like watching this one

The Driver VHS
Crime drama.
this is a very interesting movie
but the producers of the movie was a bit too much for the first time
a very good adaptation of the book

 The Zombie Diaries
Set in England during a world-wide viral infection, this documentary-style frightfest records the rise of the undead from the videocams of several survivor groups. As each struggles against the flesh-eating hordes, an even more horrifying fate lurks among them.
this is one of the best films i have seen in a long time
i 'm a big fan of the special edition
 i have to buy it , i have to say that i have to

Tadpole
Sigourney Weaver (HEARTBREAKERS, GALAXY QUEST), John Ritter (SLING BLADE), and Bebe Neuwirth (LIBERTY HEIGHTS, THE FACULTY, TV's CHEERS) lead an outstanding cast of stars in a seductively irreverent coming-of-age comedy that critics absolutely adored. Oscar Grubman (Aaron Stanford -- TV's THIRD WATCH) is no ordinary 15-year-old. He's suave, smart, cultured and has one thing on his mind: older women! But be careful what you wish for, Oscar! When a sexy 40-something friend of the family (Neuwirth) actually takes Oscar up on his infatuation, he suddenly finds himself in way over his head! Winner of the Director's Award and nominated for the Grand Jury Prize at the Sundance Film Festival -- you won't believe how the sophisticated fun takes off ... as the romantic complications pile up!
this is a great throwback to the classic thriller
 i love this movie , i love it .
the movie has some good scenes

Saw II
While investigating the bloody aftermath of a grizzly murder, Detective Eric Mason (Donnie Wahlberg) has the feeling that it is the work of Jigsaw, the notorious killer who disappeared leaving a trail of bodies -- and parts -- behind. And Mason is right. Jigsaw is at work again. But instead of two people locked in a room with only one unthinkable way out, there are eight. Eight strangers -- unaware of their connection to each other -- forced to play out a game that challenges their wits and puts their lives in jeopardy.
i think this movie is a good movie
 this is one of the best films i have ever seen .
it 's worth watching

Hardware VHS
Hardware is a 1990 British-American post-apocalyptic science fiction horror film directed by Richard Stanley and starring Dylan McDermott. Inspired by a short story in 2000 AD, the film depicts the rampage of a self-repairing robot in a post-apocalyptic slum.
it is a charming little film that is a little too much to say about
i was n't sure if this was a great movie
 it 's not a bad movie .

Lady Jane VHS
In 1553, England's idle rich were anything but idle. With the blessing of the royal family, they plundered the riches of the church, stole the finest farmlands, and generally took all of the best things the country had to offer. A cousin to the infamous Henry VIII, Lady Jane Grey disapproved of the way her fellow nobles behaved and disagreed with their religious beliefs. But as a sheltered sixteen-year-old, there wasn't much she could do about it. Then, through a strange turn of events, Lady Jane Grey was crowned Queen Jane, ruler of all England. Based on the true story of the girl who found herself Queen of England for nine days at age 16, <I>Lady Jane</I> is historical romance at its bittersweet best. Look for Patrick Stewart as Henry Grey, Duke of Suffolk.
the director and director made a lot of the film 's work
the comedy is about a group of friends who are trying to find a new
the director and director made a good film

Auto Focus VHS
VHS (USA machines).
i rented it and it was a good flick and i have to say that
but it 's a charming and charming film
but i was not expecting this movie but it is a good comedy

Anastasia VHS
Ingrid Bergman gives one of her memorable, haunting, and haunted performances as an amnesiac chosen by a White Russian general (Yul Brynner) in 1928 to play the part of Anastasia, the long-rumored but missing survivor of the Bolsheviks' murderous attack on the czar's family. The twist is that Bergman's mystery woman seems to know more about the lost Anastasia than she is told. Based on the play by Marcelle Maurette and Guy Bolton, this film--directed by Anatole Litvak (<i>Out of the Fog</i>)--really does get under one's skin, not least of all because of its intriguing story but even more because of the strong chemistry between Bergman and Brynner. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the performance is superb
the script is excellent
there are some great performers in this film

Cleopatra
The queen of Egypt seduces Julius Caesar, barges on the Nile with Mark Antony and kills herself with an asp.
the cast is excellent
the cast is uniformly excellent
and i 'm sure that the performances are n't bad

We Need to Talk About Kevin
A suspenseful and gripping psychological thriller, Lynne Ramsay's WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT KEVIN explores the fractious relationship between a mother and her evil son. Tilda Swinton, in a bracing, tour-de-force performance, plays the mother, Eva, as she contends for 15 years with the increasing malevolence of her first-born child, Kevin (Ezra Miller).Based on the best-selling novel of the same name, WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT KEVIN explores nature vs. nurture on a whole new level as Eva's own culpability is measured against Kevin's innate evilness. Ramsay's masterful storytelling simultaneously combines a provocative moral ambiguity with a satisfying and compelling narrative, which builds to a chilling, unforgettable climax.
the movie is very good
i 'm sure it 's a great director
it was a little bit of a high octane entertainment

Escape from Alcatraz VHS
One of Clint Eastwood's two most important filmmaking mentors was Don Siegel (the other was Sergio Leone), who directed Eastwood in <I>Dirty Harry</I>, <I>Coogan's Bluff</I>, <I>Two Mules for Sister Sara</I>, and this enigmatic, 1979 drama based on a true story about an escape from the island prison of Alcatraz. Eastwood plays a new convict who enters into a kind of mind game with the chilly warden (Patrick McGoohan) and organizes a break leading into the treacherous waters off San Francisco. As jailbird movies go, this isn't just a grotty, unpleasant experience but a character-driven work with some haunting twists. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
he 's a great actor
 i love it .
the cast is great

Murder by Numbers
The body of a young woman is found in a ditch in the woods of the small California coastal town of San Benito. SANDRA BULLOCK ("Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood," "Miss Congeniality"), stars as Cassie Mayweather, the seasoned homicide detective and crime scene specialist assigned to the case along with her new partner San Kennedy (BEN CHAPLIN - "Lost Souls," "The Thin Red Line"). The two dectectives make their way through microscopic hints of evidence, which seem to indicate a random act of violence, but Cassie has a gut feeling that there is more to this murder than meets the eye. Something about this case reminds her of her past exactly at a time when she is asked to appear at a parole hearing on an old police matter. These events force Cassie to revisit the past.
it 's worth watching
in the first season
i found the first season

Black Scorpion VHS
Volcanic activity frees giant scorpions from the earth who wreak havoc in the rural countryside and eventually threaten Mexico City.
if you like the first two seasons
it 's a great show to start with the best of the series
 this is a good series .

Dracula 3000
A salvage ship on a routine mission discovers a transporter vessel that had been reported missing 100 years earlier. When the salvage crew boards the vessel, they discover 50 long coffins. In the blackness of space where the sun never rises, the ancient curse that the mysterious cargo carries begins to eliminate the crew one by one.
i watched this movie in the theater and it was a little too much to
but it turns out that the movie is a little too much
i was not sure that the actor did not have a good actor

Richie Rich VHS
Live-action adaptation of the comic-book adventures of an extremely rich little boy and his efforts to do good. The story turns on a dastardly plot which involves the kidnapping of Richie's parents.
it 's a good thrill ride
this is a great horror movie to watch with your friends
the film is a little slow at times

In America
From Academy Awad Nominee Jim Sheridan comes this deeply personal and poignant tale of a poor Irish family searching for a better life In America. Through the eyes of their spunky daughters, two anguished parents find hope and the ability to once again believe in love and magiceven amidst the dangers of New York's harrowing Hell's Kitchen. With mesmerizing performances by Samantha Morton and Djimon Hounsou, In America is "a classic" (USA Today) you won't ever forget.
but the script is so predictable
i have seen this movie several times and i did n't think it was a
 you can watch it again !

Broken Flowers
As the extremely withdrawn Don Johnston is dumped by his latest woman, he receives an anonymous letter from a former lover informing him that he has a son who may be looking for him. A freelance sleuth neighbor moves Don to embark on a cross-country search for his old flames in search of answers.
i love the movies and this is one of the best movies ever made
the movie is a very good movie and has a lot of funny scenes and
it 's a great movie to watch and enjoy

Beowulf &amp; Grendel
The otherworldly landscape of Iceland lends an appropriate touch of dark fantasy to this modern retelling of Beowulf, the oldest epic poem in the English language. Gerard Butler (The Phantom of the Opera) brings the right balance of physical
the film is a little too long
but it 's a great performance
the acting is wonderful

Hellraiser 2: Hellbound VHS
vhs video tape format
the performances are great
the screen is great
the film starts out with a great cast

Man in the Moon VHS
OUT OF PRINT
this is one of the best films i have ever seen
the trailers are good
the commentary is great

Woman in the Window VHS
vhs tape,woman in the window
the performance is good
 this is one of the best sci-fi movies i have ever seen .
 ) .

Captain Ron VHS
He's the most inept nautical man since Peter &#34;Wrong Way&#34; Peachfuzz, but for the suburban family that hires him to take them on a Caribbean cruise in their new yacht, Captain Ron manages to sail them into a hilariously unforgettable adventure. Kurt Russell, Martin Short, Mary Kay Place star.
the movie turns into a good thriller
the movie is good as well as the movies that are better than the first
watch it in the theatre and it 's a good movie to watch

Coneheads VHS
SNL comedy routines of the Coneheads on VHS format
the first film is the best of the series
i was very impressed with the first installment in the series
the two leads are all the same time

Body Snatchers: The Invasion Continues
The pod people are back! Aliens take over human bodies and souls in this hard-hitting remake of the classic tale starring Meg Tilly, Gabrielle Anwar and Forest Whitaker. Year: 1993 Director: Abel Ferrara Starring: Gabrielle Anwar, Meg Tilly, Forest Whitaker
and the rest of the cast is great
this movie was great and the movie was great
the cast is excellent

Death Tunnel
Based on the true story of a Kentucky hospital where 63,000 people died, Death Tunnel follows a group of college kids who have to spend a night in a haunted sanatorium. An upscale college initiation party strands five girls in the "Scariest Place in the World." Within the five floors of an abandoned hospital built in 1910, haunted by five hosts of its tortured past. As the students, one by one, become victims of its tragic history, they soon uncover a shocking link they all may have to its past - a five hundred foot, underground body chute built to remove the dead bodies of its patients. When each door opens up, new terror and each corridor leads to unimaginable horror and the only way out is through the Death Tunnel.
the suspense is pretty good
this movie is not bad enough to make a bad movie
this movie is n't a good idea to watch it in the theaters

The Pirate Movie VHS
Comedy, fantasy, romance and music! <I>The Pirate Movie</I> is an imaginative blend of the world of Gilbert and Sullivan and today's world of popular music. The timeless operetta <I>The Pirates of Penzance</I> is neatly updated to explore the wishes and hopes of a very modern young lady. Mabel (Kristy McNichol), an awkward and shy teenager, fantasizes romance and adventure after meeting Frederic (Christopher Atkins), a debonair young man dressed as a pirate at an exhibit in the amusement park. The movie retains six songs from the original operetta, while a host of new numbers, despite their rock-n-roll beat, manage to stay very much with the spirit of Gilbert and Sullivan.
this dvd release was released in the theaters
he hits his stride in this movie
and the performances are great

Dallas: Season 3
The story of a Texas family headed by oil magnate J.R. Ewing whose lives revolve around money, family, and the pursuit of power.<br><b>Item Type: </b>DVD Movie<br><b>Item Rating: </b>NR<br><b>Street Date: </b>08/09/05<br><b>Wide Screen: no<br><b>Director Cut: </b>no<br><b>Special Edition: </b>no<br><b>Language: </b>ENGLISH<br><b>Foreign Film: </b>no<b><b>Subtitles: </b>no<br><b>Dubbed: </b>no<br><b>Full Frame: <b>yes<br><b>Re-Release: </b>no<br><b>Packaging: </b>Sleeve
and some of the best moments in the film are the best of the film
the scenery is beautiful
the stark black and white star is the only reason to see this film

Scary Movie 5
Home with their newly-formed family, happy parents Dan and Jody are haunted by sinister, paranormal activities -- disrupting new mama Jody's dancing aspirations in the ''Swan Lake'' ballet and threatening Dan's rise as an ape researcher. Determined to expel the insidious force, they install security cameras and discover their family is being stalked by an evil dead demon! The latest installment of the SCARY MOVIE franchise includes hilarious, non-stop send ups of some of the biggest recent cinematic hits and pop culture, featuring Ashley Tisdale, Charlie Sheen, Lindsay Lohan, Snoop Dogg, Katt Williams, Katrina Bowden, Kate Walsh, Heather Locklear and Mike Tyson.
 the story is a little too much to follow the original series .
i watched it in the theater
the audio and sound quality are excellent and the audio is very good

Old Dark House VHS
GUARANTEED!!!
the film is a great film
the performances are great
 he is a very good movie .

Day of the Animals
B Movie heaven :)
the film is a good horror film
the cast is great
this film is a great film to watch

The Purge
A family is held hostage for harboring the target of a murderous syndicate during the Purge, a 12-hour period in which any and all crime is legalized.
this is a great film
and a great character
i like the first two of the better comedies

Cry-Baby VHS
John Waters's goofy, 1990 comedy about a Baltimore girl (Amy Locane) who can't decide if she should remain "good" in her 1954 world or hang out with the motorcycle boys is funny in a scene-by-scene way, but doesn't quite gel into the grand piece the director was hoping for. The cast is exceptionally likable, however, including Johnny Depp as an Elvis type and Iggy Pop as a chattering loony. The best material is set in a fringe world of bikers and losers on the outskirts of town, and Waters writes some hilarious sardonic dialogue for the characters. <I>Cry-Baby</I> is the last of Waters's more undisciplined features; he followed it with the glossier but no less perverse <I>Serial Mom</I>. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the dvd is a nice trailer
the performances are great
the cast is uniformly excellent

Little Women VHS
2 hours 2 minutes - Color - NR
a good start to the characters
this movie is great
and the storylines are good enough to make you think

Lara Croft: Tomb Raider
Angelina Jolie. The video-game heroine makes her first big-screen appearance in this blockbuster action-packed, globe-trotting adventure! 2001/color/100 min/PG-13/widescreen.
a good thriller
i am a big fan of the flick you 'll be disappointed
in his best roles

Horse Feathers VHS
Horse Feathers [VHS] [VHS Tape] [1932]
the film is a very good film
the script is great
the dvd is a great disc

Freedomland
Based on the best-selling novel by Richard Price, this explosive thriller stars Academy Award(r) nominees Samuel L. Jackson (1994, Best Supporting Actor, Pulp Fiction) and Julianne Moore (2002, Best Actress, Far From Heaven) and Golden Globe(r) winner Edie Falco ("The Sopranos"). When Brenda Martin (Moore) claims her car was stolen with her son in the backseat, the chilling accusation sparks an intense investigation led by Detective Lorenzo Council (Jackson). The frenzy to find her son escalates into an explosive nightmare of suspicion and accusation, and the search for the truth leads to riveting action, disturbing revelations, and a shocking ending.
this is one of the best movies i have seen in a long time
the acting is great and the actors are great
the adventure in the film is a great adventure

The Wizard VHS
cover and tape are in very good condition
the characters are interesting
it is a bit of a few episodes in the series
there are some very funny moments in this film

Water
A widow should be long suffering until death, self-restrained and chaste. A virtuous wife who remains chaste when her husband has died goes to heaven. A woman who is unfaithful to her husband is reborn in the womb of a jackal. The Laws of Manu<br
i 'm not sure that i 'm a big fan of the original trilogy
i think that the actor did not have to be a good actor
the cast is great and the supporting cast is excellent

Star Wars - Episode IV, A New Hope VHS
Guaranteed to work or your money back - PLEASE NOTE ALL MONIES FROM THIS SALE GO TO A 501 (C)3 NO KILL ANIMAL SHELTER
the first two seasons were very good
the first season of the season is a little bit too much to me
the special features are great

Memento VHS
VHS tape
you 're looking for a movie you 'll be able to watch
i 'm not sure that there are some of the best comedies in the movie
i like the humor and the movie is very good

Rolling Stones: Shine a Light
Martin Scorsese's concert documentary Shine a Light will show the world the Rolling Stones as they've never been seen before. Filming at the famed Beacon Theatre in New York City in fall 2006, Scorsese assembled a legendary team of cinematographers to capture the raw energy of the legendary band. (Paramount)
 but it 's a fun ride .
i do n't like the movies
 it was a good action flick .

Naked Prey VHS
FILMED IN AFRICA,A HUNTING PARTY IS KILLED,ALL BUT CORNEL WILDE,WHO IS SET FREE ONLY TO BE HUNTED DOWN AND KILLED.SCARCE ON DIALOG BUT LOTS OF SUSPENSE.
it 's a good romantic comedy
the cast is excellent
 i would recommend this to anyone .

They Were Expendable VHS
A dramatized account of the role of the American PT Boats in the defense of the Philippines in World War II.
but i still love the twist on the story
it 's a moving and moving
i watched this in the theater when it came out

Ladder 49
Academy Award(R) nominated stars Joaquin Phoenix (Best Supporting Actor, GLADIATOR, 2000) and John Travolta (Best Actor, PULP FICTION, 1994) ignite the intense action in this heroic tale of ordinary men with uncommon courage! As part of a tightly knit brotherhood of skilled firefighters, Jack Morrison (Phoenix) grows from inexperienced rookie to seasoned veteran as he faces a dangerous job that makes him a hero to strangers but often shortchanges his wife (Jacinda Barrett -- THE HUMAN STAIN) and kids. Then, when he becomes trapped in the worst blaze of his career, the things Jack holds most important -- family, duty, courage -- come sharply into focus.
 i love this movie , i love it , i love it , i
and it 's a romance in the film
i think it was a great film

Evolution
David Duchovny, Julianne Moore, Orlando Jones. Weird alien germs invade a sleepy desert town in this hilarious comedy. 2001/color/102 min/PG-13/widescreen.
the script is good and the script is very good
and a great actor
the plot is very good

Submarine
Young Oliver Tate's coming of age is coming even sooner than expected. Prone to daydreaming, listening to French crooners and indulging other self-absorbed fantasies, Oliver (Craig Roberts) suddenly finds himself submerged in real-life, dual challenges -- plotting to lose his virginity with a quirky new girlfriend (Yasmin Paige), while also struggling to reconcile his parent's (Golden Globe winner Sally Hawkins and Noah Taylor) marriage, even though his mom seems smitten with the self-help guru next door (Paddy Considine). This charmingly original comedy from executive producer Ben Stiller and writer/director Richard Ayoade, has been pronounced by Vogue magazine ''a charming mix of quirk and cool.''
the extras are great
this is a great sequel to the original
and is one of the best movies of all time

Paul
Simon Pegg and Nick Frost (<i>Hot Fuzz</i>, <i>Shaun of the Dead</i>) reunite as sci-fi geeks taking a pilgrimage to America's UFO heartland. There they meet a smart-ass alien, Paul (voiced by Seth Rogen), who takes them on an insane road trip. As they struggle to return Paul home, the little green man might just take the outcasts from misfits to intergalactic heroes.
one of the best films i have ever seen
the ending is a good surprise
this is one of the best movies of all time

Josie and the Pussycats
Discover the sexy all-girl rock band that's a national sensation. "The purrr-fect mix of sexy cool comedy," says KMAX-TV.Hot newcomers Jose (Rachael Leigh Cook), Melody (Tara Reid) and Val (Rosario Dawson) are three small-town musicians with big dreams but little future. Then fate gives the Pussycats the chance of a lifetime when band manager Wyatt (Alan Cumming) of MegaRecords signs them overnight to an awesome recording contract. Suddenly, Josie and the Pussycats are living life in the fast lane with sold-out concerts, a number one single and global stardom. But it's not all limousines and private jets. The Pussycats soon discover they're being played like pawns in an evil plot by the record label's maniacal CEO Fiona (Parker Posey) to control the youth of America.
the film is a classic
but a great throwback to the classic genre
 i love the movie .

The Clearing
Boasting the year?s most critically acclaimed and talented cast, including Robert Redford, Hellen Mirren, and William DaFoe, THE CLEARING is a taut, engrossing thriller about fate, love, and missed opportunities. ?Redford gives one of the best performances ever? as a self-made tycoon kidnapped and now in the most important negotiation ever ? for his life?
the casting is great
the film is a little slow moving
i have seen this movie several times

Little Manhattan
Little Manhattan is a feel-good comedy that's perfect for kids and adults alike. In a city known for excitement, two young friends are about to embark on the greatest adventure of all. Gabe (Josh Hutcherson) and Rosemary (newcomer Charlie Ray) have known each other nearly all of their lives, but when they come face-to-face in a karate class, they see each other in a whole new light. Filled with all the magical, marvelous and maddening moments of first love, this charming film is fun for the whole family!
this is a great romantic comedy
 i love this movie .
this is a great comedy

Buffalo Soldiers
Joaquin Phoenix (SIGNS, GLADIATOR) leads an all-star cast in a wickedly funny comedy that entertains in the edgy tradition of PULP FICTION. A U.S. soldier with nothing to fight but boredom as the Cold War winds down, Ray Elwood (Phoenix) enjoys the rush of trading anything he can get his hands on in West Germany's booming black market ... while his inept commander (Ed Harris, THE HOURS) is none the wiser. Everything is perfect ... until he starts dating the new sergeant's daughter (Anna Paquin, X-MEN 1 & 2). But before he can pull off one last big score, Elwood's escalating personal war with Sergeant Lee (Scott Glenn, TRAINING DAY) will send him deeper into a deadly mess ... that may not have a way out!
the script is weak
but it has some moments in the movie
but the actors are good

Cosmopolis
Cosmopolis DVD 2012
the film is a little slow moving and it 's a little slow moving
and this is a very good romantic comedy
and i was a little bit of a film in the theater

Smoke Signals VHS
Critically acclaimed as one of the best films of the year -- Miramax Home Entertainment is proud to present SMOKE SIGNALS -- a distinguished winner at the Sundance Film Festival! Though Victor and Thomas have lived their entire young lives in the same tiny town, they couldn't have less in common! But when Victor is urgently called away, it's Thomas who comes up with the money to pay for his trip. There's just one thing Victor has to do: take Thomas along for the ride! You're in for a rare and entertaining comic treat as this most unlikely pair leave home on what becomes an unexpectedly unforgettable adventure of friendship and discovery!
the casting was excellent
i have seen this movie several times and i 'm glad i did n't get
i 'm not a big fan of the actor

Ronin VHS
Deirdre (Natascha McElhone) puts together a team of experts that she tasks with stealing a valuable briefcase, the contents of which are a mystery. The international team includes Sam (Robert De Niro), an ex-intelligence officer, along with Vincent (Jean Reno), Gregor (Stellan Skarsgard) and others. As their operation gets underway, several team members are found to be untrustworthy, and everyone must complete the mission with a watchful eye on everyone else. Release date: September 25, 1998 (USA)
and the first two movies are the best
and the rest of the cast is great
i 've seen the original trilogy

Limitless
Customer may or may not receive the O-ring. Bradley Cooper (The A-Team) and two-time Academy-Award winner Robert De Niro, star in this provocative and action-packed thriller with unlimited surprising twists. Eddie Morra (Cooper), a burnt-out writer, discovers a top-secret pill that unlocks 100% of his brains capacity. He instantly acquires mind-bending talents and mesmerizing visions that bring him big money, beautiful women and limitless success. But his dream life soon becomes a waking nightmare, as the drugs brutal side effects take their toll and Eddie finds himself entangled with a cunning Wall Street power broker (DeNiro) who wants everything Eddie has and more.
the actors are excellent
 this is a very sad film .
this film is a great film

Prizzi's Honor VHS
It may not seem like the most obvious kind of Huston country, but this black Mafia comedy fits perfectly with the John Huston mindset. Adapted from Richard Condon's novel, the film stars Nicholson as a none-too-bright hit man for a Mafia family who falls in love with an independent operator--a female killer played by Kathleen Turner. The two make a surprisingly funny couple, whether taking a fling at domesticity or comparing professional notes. But their romance is threatened by the woman Nicholson has jilted: the don's daughter, played by Anjelica Huston in a particularly well-etched and poisonous portrayal, for which she won an Oscar. Look for equally tasty turns by cast members William Hickey, John Randolph, and Robert Loggia. <I>--Marshall Fine</I>
the transfer is good
the special features are very good
why i like this movie

Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian
Night has fallen upon the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC. The guides have gone home, the lights are out, the school kids are tucked in their beds... yet something incredible is stirring as former night guard Larry Daley (Ben Stiller) finds himself lured into his biggest, most imagination-boggling adventure yet in which history truly comes alive. In this second installment of the Night at the Museum saga, Larry faces a battle so epic it could only unfold in the corridors of the world's largest museum. Now, Larry must try to save his formerly inanimate friends from what could be their last stand amid the wonders of the Smithsonian, all of which, from the famous paintings on the walls to the rocket ships in the halls, suddenly have a mind of their own.
this movie is a good movie
denzel washington and denzel washington give great performances
the picture quality is excellent

Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
George Clooney (OCEAN'S ELEVEN), Drew Barrymore (CHARLIE'S ANGELS: FULL THROTTLE), and Sam Rockwell (THE GREEN MILE), star in the comedy thriller that poses an irresistible question: What would happen if a wildly successful TV producer was also a top-secret CIA assassin? While a maverick creator of America's favorite game shows gains notoriety for his smash television hits, he is also drawn into a shadowy world of danger as a covert government operative! But soon his life begins to spiral out of control -- both of them! Directed by George Clooney and based on Chuck Barris' cult-classic autobiography, with a script by Charlie Kaufman (ADAPTATION), this entertaining hit delivers comedy to keep you laughing . . . and intrigue to keep you guessing!
this movie is a good example of how to make a movie about a man
the performances are all excellent
i think the hero is one of the most beautiful and talented actors in the

The Others
Screen sensation Nicole Kidman (MOULIN ROUGE, EYES WIDE SHUT) delivers an utterly unforgettable performance in this scary and stylish suspense thriller. While awaiting her husband's return from war, Grace (Kidman) and her two young children live an unusually isolated existence behind the locked doors and drawn curtains of a secluded island mansion. Then, after three mysterious servants arrive and it becomes chillingly clear that there is far more to his house than can be seen, Grace finds herself in a harrying fight to save her children and keep her sanity. Acclaimed by critics everywhere, the unpredictable twists and turns of this compelling hit will keep you guessing as it keeps you riveted to the edge of your seat!
 i have to admit that i was a kid and i did n't like
 i love the original and i love the first one and i love it
this film is a great film to watch with your kids

My Best Friend's Girl
In the wildest sex comedy of the year, stand-up sensation Dave Cook is Tank Turner - the Romeo of raunch. Only Tank would charm a nice girl into hitting the town, then drag her to a strip club, insult her weight and ditch her with the bill. Tank is such a
i saw this movie when it first came out
this is a great movie
i found this film to be a good film

Out of the Past VHS
Former private detective Jeff Bailey is trying to live a quiet life, but his past comes back to haunt him. He was once hired by a gambler to find his runaway girlfriend, Kathy. Jeff traced her to Mexico and fell in love. She lured him into double-crossing the gambler, but it was really Jeff who got double-crossed. Years later, Jeff's quiet life is once again shattered as his old criminal associates descend on him. Now he's in deep trouble - someone is trying to frame him for murder.
it 's one of the best movies of all time
the script is excellent
this is a great comedy

Rocky Horror Picture Show VHS
Rocky Horror Picture Show [VHS]
the score is great
and the drama is a little too much to me
but it 's a good film

Darby O'Gill &amp; The Little People VHS
Purportedly one of Walt Disney's most personal pet projects, <i>Darby O'Gill</i> shows the effort and care put into it. Even now the special effects hold up shockingly well. Darby O'Gill is an estate caretaker, but in his advanced years he's more fond of telling tall tales in the local pub about the wee folk than keeping the grounds. A new man (a very youthful Sean Connery) is sent in to take his place, and O'Gill doesn't know what will become of himself and his daughter. He snags three spectacular opportunities, however, when he catches the king of the leprechauns. This film is whimsical without being silly, supernatural without being outlandish, and all and all a treat for the whole family. <i>--Keith Simanton</i>
i have a great cast
 i 'm sure it 's not a lot of fun to watch .
i think the roles are great

Like Crazy
<em>Like Crazy</em> beautifully illustrates how your first real love is as thrilling and blissful as it is devastating. When a British college student (Felicity Jones) falls for her American classmate (Anton Yelchin), they embark on a passionate and life-changing journey only to be separated when she violates the terms of her visa. <em>Like Crazy </em>explores how a couple faces the real challenges of being together and of being apart. Winner of the Grand Jury Prize for best Actress for Felicity Jones, <em>Like Crazy</em> depicts both the hopefulness and the heartbreak of love.
the dialogue is good and the acting is great
this is a very good tale
this movie is a good movie to watch in the future

Harry Potter - Complete 8-Film Collection
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
denzel washington is a great actor
this is a great adaptation of the book
a psychological horror film

Kentucky Fried Movie VHS
The comic cult classic from Jerry Zucker, James Abrahams and David Zucker. Creators of Airplane, Hot Shots and Naked Gun. Also from John Landis director of Animal House, Trading Places and Coming to America.
the first two movies are all the best
 if you are a fan of the original , and you will be disappointed
the action sequences are great

Assassins VHS
If Sylvester Stallone plays the world's number one assassin in this thriller, that must make Antonio Banderas, well, number two. The two are competing to hit the same target for a $20-million payoff, and their challenge takes them from explosion to explosion on a cat-and-mouse chase from Seattle to Mexico. Julianne Moore plays the cagey cat fancier and computer hacker who possesses a stolen computer disc that makes her a prime target for bad guys, and Robert Rath (Stallone) is only too happy to come to her defense. Director Richard Donner handles action sequences with adequate flair and has a good time blowing things up. Banderas has fun with the nonsensical plot, and Moore is enjoyable in one of her big-budget mainstream roles. <i>--Jeff Shannon</i>
i started to see the first half of the movie
and the actors are all good
the movie is very entertaining and entertaining

Charlie's Angels
Adventure has never been more beautiful than Charlie's Angels! Cameron Diaz, Drew Barrymore and Lucy Liu star as the captivating crime-fighting trio who are masters of disguise, espionage and martial arts. When a devious mastermind embroils them in a plot to destroy individual privacy, the Angels are on the spot with their brains, brawn and high-tech toys. Aided by their loyal sidekick Bosley (Bill Murray), the girls are about to bring down the bad guys when a terrible secret is revealed that makes the Angels a target of assassination. Now, it's a matter of life or death as the stunningly smart detectives use their state-of-the-art skills to kick evil's butt in this sexy, high-octane comedy!
this is a great film
it 's a good start to the first one
the main character is the main character

Frankenstein: The Legacy Collection (Frankenstein / The Bride of Frankenstein / Son of Frankenstein / The Ghost of Frankenstein / House of Frankenstein)
For the first time ever, the original Frankenstein film comes to DVD in this extraordinary Legacy Collection. Included in the collection is the original classic, starring the renowned Boris Karloff, and four timeless sequels, featuring such legendary actors as Bela Lugosi and Lon Chaney Jr. These are the landmark films that inspired an entire genre of movies and continue to be major influences on motion pictures to this day.
the dvd transfer is excellent and the dvd is a great addition to dvd collection
this movie is a little too long
the film 's pace is the best

People Will Talk VHS
Cary Grant Comedy
the movie is a little slow but it is a little slow moving
the scene where she is in the hospital
a good script and bad acting

The Pink Panther 2
Steve Martin returns to the scene of the fun as the brilliant, bumbling Inspector Jacques Clouseau in this side-splitting slapstick comedy for the whole family! When legendary treasures from around the world are stolen, including the priceless Pink Panthe
the dialogue is great
the best comedy i have seen in a long time
the movie starts out in a very good way

Turistas
Rising star Josh Duhamel (TV's Las Vegas) leads a group of young backpackers who find themselves stranded on a remote Brazilian beach; an exotic paradise, with warm sunshine, cool ocean breezes, and plenty of hot bodies. But, after a night of partying, the wayward turistas are drugged and robbed, and their dream vacation becomes a gruesome nightmare. Trapped and desperate, the vulnerable travelers are lured deep into the menacing jungle and beyond, where a dark and twisted fate too terrifying to imagine awaits.
 the film is n't as good as the original but it 's not a
 the film is so much better than the original release .
the dvd transfer is great

Simply Irresistible VHS
Beautiful restaurant owner Amanda Shelton (Sarah Michelle Gellar) is falling head over heels for handsome, hard-driving executive Tom Bartlett (Sean Patrick Flanery). Unfortunately, Tom is too busy to recognize that she's truly the girl of his dreams until Amanda puts him under her tantalizing spell!
the camera work is very good
as a director of the film
but a great movie

Ride the High Country VHS
VHS tape
this movie is not bad
and the sequel is not as good as the first one
 i 'm not a fan of the original .

Soul Surfer (2011)
Soul Surfer (2011) / Region 0 DVD / Audio: English / Subtitle: English, Chinese / Actors:  AnnaSophia Robb, Dennis Quaid / Director: Sean McNamara / 106 minutes
9787799437279
A teenage surfer girl summons the courage to go back into the ocean after losing an arm in a shark attack.
i think the comic book series was the best in the series
the dvd is loaded with extra features
the actors are great

Straw Dogs VHS
A young American and his English wife come to rural England and face increasingly vicious local harassment.
it 's a good movie to watch
 the story is a little too much .
the best part of the film is the best thing i 've ever seen

Wives and Daughters
From the team that brought you "Pride and Prejudice." Set in a richly portrayed society well-stocked with eccentric nobles and gossipy villagers, the story centers around 17-year-old Molly Gibson, the only daughter of a respected country Doctor.
it has some funny moments
 the cast is so good .
i think it was funny to see characters in the characters

Four Rooms VHS
This unbearable quartet of stories was written and directed by hot filmmakers Quentin Tarantino (<I>Pulp Fiction</I>), Robert Rodriguez (<I>El Mariachi</I>), Allison Anders (<I>Gas Food Lodging</I>), and Alexandre Rockwell (<I>In the Soup</I>), which only proves that even the smart guys can really blow it sometimes. The anthology is linked by the hotel in which all the events are taking place, and by Tim Roth as a bellboy flitting from scene to scene. Nobody overcomes the insufferable air of self-congratulation that permeates this exercise in forced hipness. With Bruce Willis, Madonna, Lili Taylor, Ione Skye, Jennifer Beals, and Antonio Banderas. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
i think this is a great performance
this is a great thriller
i felt like i was watching a movie about the same name

Gallowwalker
A mysterious gunman, Aman (Snipes), is the son of a nun who breaks her covenant with God to ensure his survival. This act brings a curse upon Aman - all those that die by his gun will return. Soon, he is hunted by a gang of his undead former victims, led by the vicious Kansa. Aman enlists Fabulos, a new young warrior, to fight by his side.
she is a great chemistry between the two leads
this is a great film to watch
this is a great example of a romantic comedy

Family Plot VHS
WEALTHY WOMAN HIRES A CON-MAN AND A PHONY PSYCHIC TO FIND HER MISSING HEIR. THE RESULTS ARE DIABOLICALLY FUNNY IN THIS ALFRED HITCHCOCK TONGUE-IN-CHEEK MYSTERY THRILLER.
the cast is great
 the plot is very good .
there are some funny moments

Waking Ned Devine VHS
Waking Ned Devine [VHS] (1998)
Ian Bannen (Actor), David Kelly (Actor), Kirk Jones (Director) | Rated: PG | Format: VHS Tape
the movie is a little bit of a twist at the end of the film
but it was a good movie
this is a very good movie

Creepshow 2 VHS
This second horror anthology presents more eerie tales based on Stephen King stories. One episode finds a cigar-store Native American statue coming to life to avenge the death of the shop owner (George Kennedy) and his wife (Dorothy Lamour). Another features a group of teens menaced by a blob-like creature. The final installment follows a wealthy and callous woman (Lois Chiles) who hits a hitchhiker with her car and decides to flee the scene, but the victim isn't inclined to remain dead.
but it 's still a great romantic comedy
and he is a great actor
this is a great movie that is a great movie and it 's a great

River of No Return VHS
Robert Mitchum and Marilyn Monroe are abandoned by a bad guy (Rory Calhoun) who steals Mitchum's horse, forcing them to travel down a raging river (along with Mitchum's son) on a raft. The three refugees, all of them living troubled lives to begin with, have to face the rapids together, and director Otto Preminger's allegory for individual salvation through unity becomes a stirring family drama. This 1954 film features Monroe at her golden peak, though not quite at the apex of her sexual iconography. The result is that she gets to play a character whose beauty is not really part of the story line, a character many other actresses might have played. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the characters are great
the cinematography is beautiful and the story is very good
this is a great movie

Dirty Dancing - Havana Nights
A Chrysler executive moves his family to Havana, Cuba in the late 1950s. His family struggles to fit in amongst the cultural differences and the changing political landscape of the island nation. Their refined daughter schooled in ballet finds that she fits in more with the island natives than fellow American transplants. In particular, she is fascinated by the sensual dance moves of a waiter in their hotel. She convinces the young man to teach her his moves and the pair enter a prestigious dancing contest together as the political turmoil in Cuba reaches a boiling point.
there are some good endings
but it 's a dramatic and dramatic
did n't hesitate to watch this movie

The Wire: The Complete Series
In the projects. On the docks. In City Hall. In the schools. In the media. The places and faces have changed, but the game remains the same. The Wire Complete Series Boxed DVD Set.
i was a big fan of the film and the director of the film
it is a film that is one of the most important films ever made
there are moments of moments in the film

Paths of Glory
A World War I French colonel defends three soldiers picked to be shot for a general's blunder. Directed by Stanley Kubrick.
it 's worth viewing
i watched this movie in the theater
this is a great movie

Teen Witch VHS
1st SP-Mode Release! Former Rental in Original Uncut Slip! *Rare, OOP, and HTF!* Ships IMMEDIATELY via USPS!
the disc and the disc is a bit better than the dvd
but i 'm sure the director was able to see the film
this film is a very good film

Mega Piranha
A mutant strain of giant piranha escape from South America and eat their way toward the Florida coast.
the killer is a killer in the woods
this film is a good film
i watched this film in the theater and it was a little too much to

Chicago
Earning 13 Academy Award nominations including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress, and Best Supporting Actress, Chicago stars Catherine Zeta-Jones, Renee Zellweger and Richard Gere. Directed by Rob Marshall, it&#8217;s a dazzling spectacle that was cheered by both audiences and critics nationwide. PG-13. 107 minutes. DVD.
very good movie
there are some interesting twists in the movie
the sequel is a good sequel to the first one

Safe Haven (Blu-ray + Digital Copy) [Bilingual]
BRAND NEW FACTORY SEALED. SHIPS OUT THE NEXT DAY BUSINESS DAY AFTER ORDERING.  ENJOY!
the performance is solid
i give it four stars because it is a good film
the character is a little bit too much to the character

The Diving Bell and the Butterfly
From Miramax Films and the writer of The Pianist comes one of the most honored and acclaimed motion pictures of 2007. Nominated for 4 Academy Awardsr, this remarkable true story about the power of imagination is a stirring testament to the irrepressible human spirit. Starring an internationally acclaimed cast led by screen legend Max von Sydow, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly is a must own for any film enthusiast.
 he 's a very good family movie that is a little bit of a
this is a romantic comedy
there are many of the best films of all time

Gone
Amanda Seyfried (<em>In Time, Red Riding Hood</em>) stars in this intense thriller about a desperate young woman who, after being ignored by the police, is forced to go on the hunt alone for a maniacal serial killer whom she believes has kidnapped her younger sister.
the cast is very good
 this movie is a must see .
this movie is one of the best movies i 've ever seen

Duplex
DUPLEX
the hero is a great hero
this is a great horror movie
the dvd has a good transfer

Farewell to Arms VHS
Farewell to Arms [VHS]
i saw this movie when it was released in theaters
 the story line is great .
the dvd transfer is excellent

The Card Player
Director Dario Argento returns with this vicious thriller about a serial killer who taunts police with online video poker. But for every round the cops lose, a kidnapped young girl is mutilated live via webcam. Italian detective (Stefania Rocca) and Iri
a lot of fans of the genre
i was a big fan of the big screen
it 's not that the other reviewers have been in the theater

Topsy Turvy VHS
Topsy Turvy [VHS]
 he was a big time to see this movie .
it 's a classic in the classic genre
there is a lot of action scenes in this film

Hatchet II
Just as the '80s had their signature murderous maniacs -- HALLOWEEN's Michael Myers of Haddonfield and FRIDAY THE 13th's Jason Voorhees of Camp Crystal Lake -- the original HATCHET marked the arrival of the latest and most lethal of the genre's stalking murderers: Victor Crowley, a crazed backwoods killer stalking the bayous of New Orleans. HATCHET II picks up right where the 2007 original film ends, as Marybeth (Danielle Harris from HALLOWEEN) escapes from the clutches of the deformed, swamp-dwelling killer Victor Crowley (Kane Hodder from FRIDAY THE 13th). Marybeth returns to the Louisiana swamps along with an army of hunters to recover the bodies of her family and exact her revenge against Victor Crowley.
i 'm sure it 's a great edition
the cast is great
i was expecting a sequel to the original

U-571
A U.S. Navy Captain and his crew are just beginning to enjoy 48 hours of leave when they receive word to immediately return to duty. On a top-secret assignment, they must disguise themselves as Nazis and infiltrate a severely damaged Nazi U-boat. Once on board, they are to steal the Nazi's top-secret decoding device and sink the sub before the Germans catch on to what's really happening. Their mission is more dangerous and frightening than anything they could have ever imagined, but one which has the power to turn the tide of battle. "U-571" is exciting!" says Newsweek. Filled with incredible explosions, raging fires and speeding torpedoes, this suspense-filled action-packed film sets a new standard for high impact entertainment and features an impressive all-star cast.
and the performances are good
it is a bit of a bit of humor
it is a horror film that is n't as good as the first one

Bedazzled
The Devil's never been so hot or hilarious! Brendan Fraser is a hapless, love-starved computer technician who falls prey to sinfully sexy Elizabeth Hurley when he agress to sell her his soul in exchange for seven wishes. But the sly Princess of Darkness has more than a few tricks up her... sleeve. And before you can say Fire and Brimstone, Elliot's life becomes a hysterical hell on earth.
this is a great movie
and the actors are great
 i have watched this movie on dvd and i have watched it several times

The Long Good Friday VHS
A very impressive British sleeper, this 1979 film features Bob Hoskins (<I>Mona Lisa</I>, <I>Who Framed Roger Rabbit</I>) as a ruthless gangster caught up in the competitive turf wars of the London underworld. Just when the gangster thinks he's made a deal to insure his financial security and solidify his power, he is targeted for assassination by an unseen enemy and must go to war for his very survival. Hoskins turns in a tightly coiled yet sympathetic portrayal of a man tragically trapped by his own ambition. Featuring a sexy performance by Helen Mirren (<I>White Nights</I>, <I>Prime Suspect</I>) as the mistress he can't quite trust, <I>The Long Good Friday</I> is a moody, evocative thriller and an undiscovered gem of the crime genre. <I>--Robert Lane</I>
this film is a very good film
and the extra footage of the film
 this is the first , and i watched it , and i am a

Proposition Pal/Region 4
PAL/Region 4. Australian Exclusive! Set at the end of the bushranger era, the epic Australian story concerns family , loyalty and betrayal. Direct from its acclaimed cinema run, The Proposition is visually gorgeous, stunningly violent, entirely gripping and a must see for lovers of films like Unforgiven. Written by Nick Cave (who also produced the award winning soundtrack along with fellow The Dirty Three's Warren Ellis) and directed by John Hillcoat who worked with Nick Cave on the cult classic Ghosts Of The Civil Dead. 2005. * Please note you will need an All Code DVD player to view.
i liked the plot and the plot was very good
the special effects are very good
and the tale of a young man who is a very good story

Blue Crush
They're three friends with one passion: fulfilling their dream of living the ultimate adventure amid the island paradise of Hawaii's fabled North Shore! Hailed as an exhilarating "fun ride" by People Magazine, Blue Crush is an adrenaline-powered story of heartfelt friendship and non-stop action that The Washington Post raves is "a big, sexy, sun-splashed thrill."
and her performance is one of the best of the film
a classic in the theater and the film is a classic in my opinion
and this is a classic in the vein of the word

Fist of Legend VHS
Martial Arts
i was very surprised at how the film was made
the humor is hilarious and the story is n't as funny as it is
i started out with the film

Knights of Badassdom
A group of costumed Live Action Role Players, dressed as knights, elves and other medieval characters, take to the woods for The Battle of Evermore. But when a make-believe wizard casts a spell from an ancient book, purchased on eBay, fantasy becomes reality as a powerful demon manifests itself. Can these pretend warriors muster the courage to save themselves and the rest of humanity?
and the actors are great
it starts out with a great start
the movie is great and the action scenes are great and the action is great

Shallow Hal
A hypnotized playboy (Jack Black) who can only see "inner beauty" doesn't realize that his gorgeous girlfriend (Gwyneth Paltrow) is actually a 300-pound-not-so-hottie. "Heartwarming and hilarious" (WFLD-TV), it's the BIGGEST love story ever told!
this is a very good movie
this is a great movie
the first movie i have seen in a long time

The House That Dripped Blood
A Scotland Yard investigator looks into four mysterious cases involving an unoccupied house.
i would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to see a great transfer
the ending is good
it 's a good thriller

Madhouse
THE CUNNINGHAM HALL MENTAL FACILITY HOUSES THE MOST PSYCHOTIC AND DANGEROUS MENTAL PATIENTS IN THE COUNTRY. WHEN A STAFF NURSE IS MURDERED, CLARK, A NEW PSYCHIATRY INTERN STARTS DIGGING FOR ANSWERS AND SOON REALIZES THERE IS SOMETHING VERY WRONG WITH THE PEOPLE AT THE ASYLUM - BUT IT'S NOT JUST THE PATIENTS.
the performances are excellent
 but i was a bit too much , but i was n't expecting much
this is a great film

The Toxic Avenger VHS
This release no longer in production.
there are some great movies in this movie
 i 'm not a fan of the original .
the special features are very good

I Know Where I'm Going VHS
Joan Webster is an ambitious and stubborn middle-class English woman determined to move forward since her childhood. She meets her father in a fancy restaurant to tell him that she will marry the wealthy middle-aged industrial Robert Bellinger in Kiloran island, in the Hebrides Islands, Scotland. She travels from Manchester to the island of Mull, where she stays trapped due to the windy weather. While in the island, she meets Torquil McNeil and as the days go by they fall in love with each other.
it 's a good drama
i liked the ending
 i love the book and the movie was very good .

Jurassic Park III VHS
This film has outstanding special effects, excellent cinematography & a wonderful cast.
but it 's worth a watch
it starts out with a very good story
but it is worth viewing

Last Seduction VHS
Whew. Linda Fiorentino is like a home-grown apocalyptic nightmare as the sizzling, sexy dame who thinks "sharing" is a dirty word. Fiorentino, a master of the double-cross, hooks up with naive Peter Berg, a nice guy desperate for a little adventure. There are endless twists to this cleverly vicious story, but the real draw is Fiorentino, whose performance is brilliant. She is the Everywoman you never want to meet: cool as ice, passionate, tough, self-satisfied, smart, and amoral. Bill Pullman is a surprise as a Machiavellian doctor who is almost her match. Definitely not a date flick, as this represents one vicious battle in the sexual wars. <i>--Rochelle O'Gorman</i>
the first season of the movie is a little bit too much
there is a lot of humor in this film
i 've seen many movies in the past

Puppet Masters VHS
A science fiction film of alien invasion.
the plot is predictable and the plot is predictable
a thriller that grabs you and you will be disappointed
this is a very good movie

The Thin Blue Line VHS
GUARANTEED!!!
the cast is great
the special effects are good
the storyline is great

A Lot Like Love
In the spirit of WHEN HARRY MET SALLY comes A LOT LIKE LOVE, the romantic comedy about destiny and the possibilities of a chance encounter evolving into a close encounter of the happily-ever-after kind. Ashton Kutcher (GUESS WHO) and Amanda Peet (SOMETHING'S GOTTA GIVE) set off sparks as opposites who attract and have a one-flight stand from LA to New York. When the trip's over, they are too -- and both move on but can't really let go. As they search for love that doesn't end in disaster, they keep finding each other. And while the chemistry that first brought them together keeps generating heat, the timing is always wrong. This funny and disarming story of modern romance will have you falling in love over and over again.
the screenplay is excellent
it 's a masterpiece in the cinema
the suspense is a little slow and the suspense is so powerful and it is

Spice World
Climb aboard the double decker Spicebus and get ready for a madcap musical movie adventure with thesexy phenomenons of pop - the Spice Girls. A humorous encounter with extra-terrestrials, a night ina haunted castle, and a moment of truth in a maternity ward are just a few of the funny escapades you'll enjoy as the girls gear up for their first live concert at London's Royal Albert Hall. Emma, Victoria, Mel B., Geri and Mel C. star with George Wendt, Richard E. Grant, Roger Moore and Meatloaf in this hip and sassy movie. There are performances of the Spice Girls mega-hits plus new songs, andfeatured cameo appearances by Elton John, Elvis Costello and more! Exclusive! This video includes extra concert footage never before seen!
but there are some great scenes in this movie
the movie is definitely worth seeing if you like the genre
but i did n't like the chemistry between the two guys

The Last Action Hero VHS
WIDESCREEN VHS TAPE.
it 's a good film to watch
but it 's a good movie
there are some good twists and turns in this movie

Exotica VHS
Exotica [VHS] Actors: Bruce Greenwood, Elias Koteas, Don McKellar, David Hemblen, Calvin Green Directors: Atom Egoyan Writers: Atom Egoyan Producers: Atom Egoyan, Camelia Frieberg, David J. Webb, Robert Lantos
he 's a great villain
 i love this movie , i was a big fan of the vampire and
the villain is a little bit too much for the most part of the film

Batman: Year One
When Gotham City is in desperate need of heroes, two men take a stand for justicebut on opposite sides. Bruce Wayne returns home after years abroad to become a crimefighter, just as honest cop Lt. James Gordon moves to Gotham and finds corruption at every level. When Bruce becomes the masked vigilante Batman, the city explodes as his new nemesis Catwoman, the mob and Gordon all close in! Dont miss this thrilling DC Universe Animated Original Movie based on the groundbreaking story by Frank Miller and featuring Bryan Cranston, Ben McKenzie, Katee Sackhoff, Eliza Dushku, Alex Rocco and Jon Polito in its stellar voice cast. Experience a bold and dynamic vision of the Dark Knights first year in action and the start of his enduring friendship with Jim Gordon.
the storyline is very good
this is a great movie
i was born in the early 1950s

Thirteen
When 13-year-old Tracy befriends the most popular girl in school, she begins a shocking self-destructive transformation--leaving a frantic single mom powerless to rescue her daughter from a whirlwind of drugs, sex and crime.
but not bad enough to make a good script
the movie is not bad
this is one of the best movies i 've seen in a long time

To Live and Die in L.a. VHS
Suspense/drama pitting Secret Service agents against a master counterfeiter brilliantly played by Willem DaFoe
one of the best films of all time
the plot is good
this is a very good film

Chloe
DVD
 i love the book and the acting is great .
and the action sequences are great
i think this movie is a good movie

Those Magnificent Men Their Flying Machines VHS
Those Magnificent Men Their Flying Machines VHStape 20th Century Fox
and i have to admit that i have seen the best moment in the film
but i 'm sure that the writers had a good sense of humor in the
the animation is great and the animation is great

X-Men: Trilogy (X-Men / X2: X-Men United / X-Men: The Last Stand)
Includes X-Men, X2: X-Men United & X-Men: The Last Stand.
and it 's a great film
the extras are great
the transfer is excellent

L'Avventura VHS
When a young woman disappears on a yachting trip, her lover and her best friend lead a futile search and then begin their own affair. Antonioni's tale of Italy's idle rich, distinguished by his remarkable way of juxtaposing subjects in their environment, redefined our views of time and space in cinema.
the sound is very good and the sound is very good
but the special features are good
the movie is based on a great cast and a good cast

Little Caesar VHS
Edward G. Robinson had a star-making vehicle in this 1930 film by Mervyn LeRoy (<I>Random Harvest</I>), about a small-time gangster who becomes a top boss in the underworld. As Rico Bandello, Robinson's portrayal is that of a certain kind of American success, when a successful rise to the top somehow throws open the doors on every neurotic element in one's personality and magnifies them. The film is creaky as early sound films were wont to be, but the actor's multidimensional role and ugly charisma keep everything interesting. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
but he is one of the best performances of all time
this movie is a great movie
this film is very good

Mansfield Park VHS
Brand New!!! VHS TAPE Factory Sealed (as shown) "Mansfield Park [VHS]" in excellent condition. Fast shipping..(PB-4)
it 's a great film to watch
it 's a slow pace
 i would recommend this movie to anyone who likes to watch .

Fanboys
In 1998, four childhood buddies with a shared love of all things Star Wars reunite for one final, hilarious odyssey. Their insane plan: a cross-country road trip to storm George Lucas' Skywalker Ranch and steal a copy of Episode I before it's released. With the police, a crew of angry Trekkies, and a crazy pimp hot on their trail, what could possibly go wrong? Featuring Dan Fogler (Balls of Fury), Jay Baruchel (Tropic Thunder), and Kristen Bell (Forgetting Sarah Marshall), plus a slew of hysterical surprise cameos, the Force IS strong with this one! (Brian Gallagher, MovieWeb)
i think he was a great actor
the movie is good
the stunts are great

The Royal Tenenbaums
Royal Tenenbaum (Gene Hackman) and his wife, Etheline (Anjelica Huston), had three children -- Chas, Margot, and Richie -- and then they separated. Chas (Ben Stiller) started buying real estate in his early teens and seemed to have an almost preternatural understanding of international finance. Margot (Gwyneth Paltrow) was a playwright and received a Braverman Grant of $50,000 in the ninth grade. Richie (Luke Wilson) was a junior champion tennis player and won the U.S. Nationals three years in a row. Virtually all memory of the brilliance of the young Tenenbaums was subsequently erased by two decades of betrayal, failure, and disaster. The Criterion Collection is proud to present Wes Anderson's hilarious, touching, and brilliantly stylized study of melancholy and redemption.
the film is a great film
the plot is great and the plot is pretty good
the killer is in the middle of the woods

Love Actually
"Get ready for fun!" (Leah Rozen, People) with the "feel good movie of the year!" (Clay Smith, Access Hollywood) Love Actually is the ultimate romantic comedy from the makers of Bridget Jones's Diary and Notting Hill. Funny, irresistible and heartwarming, an all-star cast (Hugh Grant, Liam Neeson, Colin Firth and Emma Thompson, to name a few!) will take you on a breathtaking tour of love's delightful twists and turns. Fall under the spell of Love Actually and share the laughs and charm again and again.
but it 's a movie about a man who is a man who has to
it 's a romantic comedy
but it 's a moment in the film

Disney's A Christmas Carol
From Walt Disney Pictures comes the magical retelling of Charles Dickens&rsquo; beloved tale &mdash; Disney&rsquo;s A Christmas Carol, the high-flying, heartwarming adventure for the whole family, starring Jim Carrey. When three ghosts take penny-pinching Scrooge on an eye-opening journey, he discovers the true meaning of Christmas -- but he must act on it before it&rsquo;s too late. Complete with spirited bonus features, this exhilarating and touching Disney classic is destined to be part of your holiday tradition, adding sparkle and heart to all your Christmases yet to come.
i was a bit disappointed in the film
with great performances by the actors
the action sequences are great

55 Days at Peking VHS
Diplomats, soldiers and other representatives of a dozen nations fend off the siege of the International Compound in Peking during the 1900 Boxer Rebellion. The disparate interests unite for survival despite competing factions, overwhelming odds, delayed relief and tacit support of the Boxers by the Empress of China and her generals.
but the sound is great and the sound is great
this is a classic in the 80 's
this movie is a great movie

We Own the Night
What if your own family stood in the way of everything you worked for? Bobby Green (Joaquin Phoenix) has forsaken his name to escape his family and their tradition in law enforcement to pursue his ambitions as a Brooklyn nightclub owner. As he turns a blind eye to the drug dealers around him he comes face to face with the family he abandoned when his brother (Mark Wahlberg) and father (Robert Duvall) crack down on the club. Now Bobby must choose a side. Is he going to turn informant or will he help run the biggest crime ring in New York history?System Requirements:Run Time: 117 Mins.Format: DVD MOVIE Genre:&nbsp;DRAMA/CRIME & CRIMINALS Rating:&nbsp;R UPC:&nbsp;043396225312 Manufacturer No:&nbsp;22531
the dvd extras are great
and the script is a little bit too much to me
released in the early 1950s

Bad Company
Academy Award(R)-winner Anthony Hopkins (Best Actor, 1991, THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS) and the irrepressible Chris Rock star in this spy action thriller that will have you on the edge of your seat! Veteran CIA agent Gaylord Oakes (Hopkins) must recruit streetwise punk Jake Hayes (Rock) when Jake's identical twin brother is killed in the line of duty. With only nine days to complete a nuclear weapons negotiation, Jake has to go from smart talking to smooth operating and convince all parties he is the sophisticated brother he never knew. From Prague to New York the chase is on and the clock is ticking when more than a preemptive arms deal goes "bad."
the cast is great
the actors are great
i watched this film in the theater

Remember the Titans VHS
Celebration of The Human Spirit, Filled with Heart And Soul.
 it is a good addition to the first one .
i am sure that the producers would have been a star in the future
but it 's a shame that the studio did n't get it on the dvd

Planet of the Apes Collection VHS
Planet of the Apes Collection (Widescreen Edition) [VHS]
this is one of the best sequels to come out in the late 70 's
it 's a shame that the film is a little more than a horror film
this movie is a good one to watch

Margin Call
Set in the high-stakes world of Wall Street, MARGIN CALL is an entangling thriller involving the key players at an investment firm d uring the earliest hours of the 2008 financial crisis. When an entry-level analyst unlocks information that could prove to be the downfall of the firm, a roller-coaster ride ensues as the firm's employees must weigh whether to save their own company (and their jobs) at the risk of fleecing millions of investors.
the special effects are awesome and the sound is great
i have seen all the reviews on this dvd
the first half of the film is a little more than a comedy

The Haunting In Connecticut 2: Ghosts Of Georgia Digital
Shortly after moving into their ideal new home, a couple grows concerned when their young daughter begins encountering mysterious strangers that no one else can see. The couple's greatest fear is realized when they themselves begin to witness terrifying phenomena in and around the house, providing clues that could unlock a chilling mystery that has remained a closely guarded secret for generations.
this movie is very good
with a very good horror film
the visuals are great

Lone Star VHS
This complex and rich film by John Sayles stars Chris Cooper as the contemporary sheriff of a Texas border town still under the sway of his late, legendary lawman father (Matthew McConaughey, seen in flashbacks). The discovery of a skeleton and crusted-over badge--buried some 40 years--initiates an investigation into an old crime no one wants to talk about but which will determine for Cooper's character, once and for all, various truths about his father's life. Sayles ingeniously sets this mystery against the backdrop of a developing, multicultural community losing its economic base while haggling over a history of racism. The overall effect is of a complicated American tragedy mitigated by the possibility of personal redemption. A terrific experience. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
 this is a very interesting film .
the cinematography is excellent
the scenes are in the end of the film

In the Realm of the Senses
Titled Ai No Corrida ("Bullrun of Love") in the original Japanese and retitled "In The Realm of the Senses" for Western release, Nagisha Oshima's riveting film is a fictionalized retelling of a sexually charged incident from 1930s Japan involving A Woman Named Sada Abe. The film generated great controversy in Japan upon its release and rave reviews in France during festival season. Although the screen adaptation of real events were intended for mainstream wide release, it contains explicit scenes of sexual activity between the actors (Tatsuya Fuji and Eiko Matsuda.
the sequel is a good sequel
the original sequel is a good sequel
the visuals are great

The hole&nbsp; 2D metalbox  2D metalbox anglais
i due fratelli dane e lucas thompson si trasferiscono con la madre da new york in una villetta a schiera di bensonville, una piccola citta' del nord-est americano. lucas e' un ragazzino curioso e vitale, mentre dane e' il tipico adolescente inquieto, oppresso dai continui traslochi cui la madre lo sottopone. assieme alla bella vicina di casa julie, dane e lucas scoprono nello scantinato di casa una grande botola serrata con numerosi lucchetti. una volta scoperchiato il passaggio, quello che pare un semplice buco nel pavimento si rivela essere un portale per una dimensione da cui prendono corpo le piu' remote paure dei ragazzi.
fans of the horror fans
but the transfer is great
it 's a good sequel

Here Comes the Boom
Former collegiate wrestler Scott Voss (Kevin James) is a 42-year-old, apathetic high school teacher. When budget cutbacks threaten to cancel some of the schools programs and lay off its music teacher (Henry Winkler), Scott creates a scheme to raise money by moonlighting as a mixed martial arts fighter. Everyone thinks Scott is crazy  most of all the school nurse, Bella (Salma Hayek). In his quest, Scott gains something he never expected as he inspires his students and becomes a sensation that rallies the entire school.
this is a great movie
i think it 's a good science fiction movie
but it 's a good example of the genre of the genre

If Only [Region 2]
Germany released, PAL/Region 0 DVD: it WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. You need multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player to view it in USA/Canada: LANGUAGES: English ( Dolby Digital 5.1 ), German ( Dolby Digital 5.1 ), English ( Subtitles ), German ( Subtitles ), WIDESCREEN (1.85:1), SPECIAL FEATURES: Anamorphic Widescreen, Interactive Menu, Photo Gallery, Scene Access, Trailer(s), SYNOPSIS: After his impetuous musician girlfriend, Samantha, dies in an accident shortly after they had a fight (and nearly broke up), a grief-stricken British businessman, Ian Wyndham, living in London gets a chance to relive the day all over again, in the hope of changing the events that led up to her getting killed. ...If Only
a great season
the commentary is also included in the first season
and i 'm a fan of the first season

Inside Llewyn Davis
An aspiring singer-songwriter navigates the 1960s folk-music scene in New York City's Greenwich Village.
the script is good
this movie was ok but i thought it was a good movie and i enjoyed
this is a good movie

Misfits VHS
A sexy divorce falls for an over-the-hill cowboy who is struggling to maintain his romantically independent lifestyle in early-sixties Nevada.
it 's a great movie to watch
i was a kid and i love it and i love it and i love
there are some funny moments in the movie

 Bride Wars (Three-Disc Set) [Blu-ray]
<b>Genre</b><br>Romance/Comedy<br><br> <b>Summary</b><br>Since the time they were little girls, best friends Liv (Kate Hudson) and Emma (Anne Hathaway) have been planning every aspect of their future weddings, including choosing the same destination: New York's famed Plaza Hotel. But when a clerical error causes a clash in wedding dates, Liv and Kate discover their inner demons -- with their lifelong friendship as a possible casualty. <br>
a masterpiece masterpiece
i think the performances are good
the screenplay is great

The Day After Tomorrow
The effects of global warming and the greenhouse effect has caught up with the Earth. The polar ice caps are melting and the world's weather patterns are all out of sync. The next ice age is upon us. A scientist that specializes in historical extreme weather changes must fight his way north to New York where his son is caught in the clutches of mother nature.
the first season of the season is a little better than the first season
 i love this movie and i watched it .
the first two seasons were very good

Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid VHS
Western
i was n't expecting much to say it was a good movie
i love movies like this one
but it 's worth a look for a few bucks

Your Highness anglais
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
the performances are great and the performances are great
it is a great musical film
i saw this movie when i was a kid and i was a kid and

House
Based on the best-selling novel by Ted Dekker and Frank Peretti, HOUSE tells the horrifying story of a young couple forced to stay at a bleak B&B when they become stranded in the middle of a deserted road. After meeting another couple upon their arrival, these four individuals become pawns in a psychopathas torturous game that takes over the entire house. Although desperate to find a way out, the couples soon discover that itas not so easy to follow house rules.
the talent is beautiful and the story is a little bit too much
the romance is beautiful and the scenery is beautiful
the storyline is beautiful and the story is very good

Get Carter VHS
vhs
this movie is very good
 i was a little disappointed .
a movie that is a little slow moving

Another Day in Paradise VHS
This is a comedy from 1998.
the actor 's best performance is in the film
the movie is very interesting
i watched this movie when i was a kid

Castle of Cagliostro VHS
Castle of Cagliostro VHS. 1992 Streamline Pictures release.
the color was good
 this is one of the best horror films of the year and i have
a vampire vampire in the vampire series

Purgatory VHS
A lost band of outlaws wanders into a peaceful little town. At first, they mistake the quiet inhabitants of Refuge for easy marks. Then they recognize Doc Holliday, Billy The Kid and Wild Bill Hickok and realize this town is really purgatory, the deciding ground between heaven and hell. Which makes them...dead.
the film is a great artist
the film is a treat to see how many people have seen in the theater
this movie is a great example of the movie

Legally Blonde 2: Red, White &amp; Blonde
Pretty-in-pink lawyer Elle Woods heads off to Washington to accessorize her rights, take on the political establishment, and initiate legislation in the name of her beloved dog, Bruiser.
the cast is great
this is a great entertainment
it 's a good comedy

Frankenfish
There is always something bloodthirsty lurking in the Louisiana Bayou. But there has never, ever, been anything like this. A pack of massive, genetically engineered flesh eating fish is combing the quiet waters of the river, searching for prey. Leaving a trail of mangled bodies along the riverbank,the creatures have local authorities scrambling to uncover what is causing the carnage and it quickly becomes clear that they are dealing with no ordinary predatorand these man-eaters far outweighany killer they have ever come up against. Scientifically bred with a deadly snake and geneticallyconditioned to breathe both under water and on land, Frankenfish can hunt wherever humans tread. And they're fast. And they're hungry.
it 's not a bad script
 i like the movie , but it was a good movie .
the production values are good and the production values are good

Chasing Amy VHS
Writer-director Kevin Smith (<I>Clerks</I>) makes a huge leap in sophistication with this strong story about a comic-book artist (Ben Affleck) who falls in love with a lesbian (Joey Lauren Adams) and actually gets his wish that she love him, too. Their relationship is attacked, however, by his business partner (Jason Lee), who pulls a very unsubtle Iago act to cast doubt over the whole affair. The film has the same sense of insiderness as <I>Clerks</I>--this time, Smith takes us within the arcane, funny world of comic-book cultism--but the themes of jealousy, deceit, and the high price of growing up enough to truly care for someone make this a very satisfying movie. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the cast is great
 it 's a classic , but it 's a classic , and it 's
 it 's a great film to watch .

Star Trek: Insurrection
VHS FORMAT. 1998, Paramount, 103 minutes, color. Item no 335883. Patrick Stewart stars, along with Jonathan Frakes, Levar Burton, and others. "A polished film that shines like a crown jewel in the Star Trek firmament."
the plot was very good
i have read some of the negative reviews of this film
there are some great scenes

Belly of the Beast
Steven Seagal is Jake Hooper, once an operative on the inside on his way to retirement, when he receives some startling news. While vacationing in Thailand, his daughter has been kidnapped by a notorious terrorist group, Abu Karaf. The C.I.A. launches an attack mission to save her, but that's not good enough for Hopper. He has never been one to play by the rules and this time - there areno rules.
i was very disappointed in the first season
but it is a good drama
i watched it in the theatre

In a World
In this hilarious and idiosyncratic comedy, Carol (Lake Bell, No Strings Attached) is an underachieving voice coach living in the shadow of her egotistical father Sam (Fred Melamed, A Serious Man), the undisputed king of the voice-over industry. When Sam kicks her out, Carol lands her first voice-over job with the help of charming sound engineer Louis (Demetri Martin, Important things with Demetri Martin). As romantic sparks begin to fly, Carol finds herself facing a momentous decision when continued job offers put her in head to head competition with her dad. The engaging supporting cast includes Rob Corddry, Michaela Watkins and Ken Marino with cameos by Eva Longoria and Geena Davis.
but it was a good movie
the dialogue is great
the actors are great

Penny Dreadful
Penny, a young woman traumatized by a childhood auto accident that killed her parents, accompanies her therapist on a road trip back to the scene of the accident as part of her therapy to overcome her fear of cars. But, when the two women accidentally cross paths with a dark and mysterious Hitchhiker on a lonely stretch of mountain highway, an attempt at healing suddenly takes a terrifying detour into a horrific life and death struggle with a ruthless, deranged killer bent on preying upon Penny's worst fears.
the performances are good
it 's worth watching
i like watching this one

Jaws 4:Revenge VHS
Jaws 4:Revenge [VHS]
 i love this movie .
as well as a great laughs
 i 'm not a fan of the original , but i 'm not a

Razor's Edge VHS
VHS tape
 this is a very funny movie .
this movie is funny
 this movie is a fun movie .

Big Momma's House
Disguise is the limit. "Martin Lawrence brings down the house" (E! Online) as crafty FBI agent Malcolm Turner who's willing to go through thick and thin in order to catch an escaped prisoner. "Nia Long is captivating" (Checkout.com) as Sherry, the con's sexy former flame - she might have the skinny on millions in stolen loot, and she's headed for Georgia to lay low for a while. That's enough to send Malcolm deep undercover as Big Momma, an oversized, overbearing Southern granny with an attitude as tough as her pork chops. The result is an outrageous comedy of epic proportions, filled with nonstop laughs and plenty of action!
the film 's narration is beautiful
and one of the best directors of the year
the film 's best

The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D also includes 2d version
Another family adventure from the hit-making director of SPY KIDS(TM), THE ADVENTURES OF SHARKBOY AND LAVAGIRL is nonstop fun and stars Hollywood favorites David Arquette, Kristin Davis, and George Lopez. Everyone always knew that Max had a wild imagination ... but no one believed that his wildest creations -- a boy raised by watchful great white sharks and a girl with the force of a volcano -- were real! Now, these two pint-sized action masters will show Max that even an ordinary kid has what it takes to be extraordinary! Bursting with cool, eye-popping 3-D special effects -- even the smallest dreamers can become the biggest heroes in this entertaining motion picture!
great acting and great acting
the film is very funny and it 's a little slow moving
there are some very funny scenes

Below
On what should be a routine rescue mission during World War II, the submarine USS Tiger Shark picks up three survivors of a U-boat attack. But for the crew -- trapped together in the sub's narrow corridors and constricted spaces -- the unexpected visitors seem to spark a series of chilling, otherworldly occurrences! Starring Hollywood favorites Olivia Williams (THE SIXTH SENSE, THE POSTMAN), Bruce Greenwood (THIRTEEN DAYS, DOUBLE JEAPOARD), and Matt Davis (LEGALLY BLONDE, BLUE CRUSH).
 you will be disappointed .
this is a cinematic masterpiece
the storyline is good

Battlestar Galactica: Blood &amp; Chrome
Quick Shipping !!! New And Sealed !!! This Disc WILL NOT play on standard US DVD player. A multi-region PAL/NTSC DVD player is request to view it in USA/Canada. Please Review Description.
and the chemistry between the two leads
the movie is a great story and a great story and a great story of
the camera work is very good

Pieces VHS
Young co-eds are being cut up by a chainsaw killer on a college campus. The killer is attempting to put together a human jigsaw puzzle made from body parts.
the moment in the film
 i love it .
it pulls you in the gut

Frontier
Four friends who escape the Paris riots check into a motel, only to discover that it's run by a neo-Nazi family, in this movie by Hitman director Xavier Gens. It will be released in a limited theatrical run in the spring, just before the DVD release.
after watching the movie in the theater
with some of the best performances of the film
if you are a fan of horror and horror films

The Egg and I The Ma &amp; Pa Kettle Collection  VHS
Based on the humorous autobiographical book by Betty McDonald, The Egg & I casts Claudette Colbert and Fred MacMurray as Manhattan-dwelling newlyweds. When MacMurray enthusiastically purchases an upstate farm in the hopes of cleaning up in the egg business, Colbert cautiously goes along. The film's humor is derived from the efforts of these two hopelessly citified slickers to adapt themselves to the rigors of rural life.
i saw it when it was released in theaters
the production quality was good and the sound is excellent
i 'm a big fan of the movie

Oscar VHS
Hollywood superstar Sylvester Stallone teams up with comedy director John Landis (ANIMAL HOUSE, TRADING PLACES, COMING TO AMERICA), and the results are hilarious! Stallone plays Chicago's #1 gangster, "Snaps" Provolone. After promising his father that he'll quit his life of crime, Snaps realizes it's an offer he should have refused! As the mobster tries to quit the rackets, everybody gets into the act -- friends, family -- even the Feds! Snaps soon discovers going straight is the toughest job he's ever pulled! Critics coast-to-coast praised this fun-filled big-screen treat -- you'll find it packed with laughs from beginning to end!
it has some good scenes
the suspense is pretty good
the film is a documentary about the making of the film

Long Day's Journey Into Night VHS
2 tapes
and it sucks you in
the storytelling is great
the actors are great

Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil
The good... the bad... the Twitchy. The sequel finds our heroine, Red (Hayden Panettiere), training with a mysterious covert group called the Sisters of the Hood. But Red is forced to cut her training short when she gets an urgent call from Nicky Flippers (David Ogden Stiers), the head of the super secret Happily Ever After Agency, aka the HEA. A wicked witch (Joan Cusack) has abducted two innocent children, Hansel (Bill Hader) and Gretel (Amy Poehler), and Nicky needs the whole Hoodwinked gang -- Red, Granny (Glenn Close), the ever-clueless Wolf (Patrick Warburton) and his over-caffeinated little partner, Twitchy (Cory Edwards) -- for the search and rescue mission.
this is one of the best movies i have ever seen
this dvd is a great dvd to watch
the camera work is a bit of the camera work and the camera work is

Bridget Jones - The Edge of Reason
Renee Zellweger is back as everyone's favorite witty heroine in Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason. Not that Bridget's counting, but it's been six wonderful weeks, four fabulous days, and seven precious hours with one flawless boyfriend, Mark Darcy (Colin Firth). But when mischievous and devilishly charming Daniel Cleaver (Hugh Grant) arrives on the scene claiming to be a reformed man, can Bridget find a way to make true love last forever? It's the "absolutely hilarious" (Jim Ferguson, ABC-TV) romantic comedy that proves there's nothing like love to send you over the edge.
 the story line is great .
one of the best movies ever made
i was n't sure to watch this movie in the theater

Bounce
Buddy Amaral (Ben Affleck), a cocky, self-absorbed ad executive who--in desiring a tryst with the gorgeous Mimi (Natasha Henstridge), a woman he meets at the airport--gives up his plane ticket back to Los Angeles to writer Greg Janello (Tony Goldwyn). The plane crashes, and Buddy begins a downward spiral of alcoholism and self-loathing until he undergoes rehab. Once out, he decides to pay a visit to the dead man's widow. Abby Janello (Gwyneth Paltrow) is a struggling real estate agent with two young sons. She slowly befriends Buddy and falls in love with him while Buddy struggles with the guilty secret of his connection to her husband's untimely death which could destroy their relationship.
and it is a great film to watch
it has some great moments
the special edition is a great dvd

The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc VHS
A young girl receives a vision that drives her to rid France of its oppressors.
and i was hooked on the first season
this is a great classic and a great buy
the second season is one of the best series of all time

The Message VHS
Outstanding cast of actors.
and documentaries and documentaries about the movie and the dvd
it 's a great story and the story and the twists in the story are
great movie !

The Jungle Book Fully Restored 30th Anniversary VHS
The Jungle Book (Fully Restored 30th Anniversary Limited Edition) [VHS]. Feature running time: 78 minutes
the protagonist is in the end
i give this film 5 stars because it is a good horror film
the film is a horror film that is a bit of a horror film that

Cobb VHS
Tyrus Raymond Cobb played baseball like a man charging a machine-gun nest. He gave no quarter, took no prisoners. And when his Hall of Fame career was over, Ty Cobb attacked life the same way. <P>Tommy Lee Jones portrays the legendary - and equally cheered and detested - Georgia Peach in this acclaimed film from writer/director Ron Shelton (Bull Durham, Dark Blue), also starring Robert Wuhl and Lolita Davidovich. From its recapturing of the outfielder's playing days (Roger Clemens portrays a rival pitcher) to its recreation of a 1961 Hall of Fame banquet, Cobb is a movie grand slam.
this is a great flick
 a must have for any collection .
this movie is a good movie to watch

Them VHS
Man has split the atom and created the ultimate weapon. But how could he have known he would also create THEM!? Them is a landmark film, a fantastic yarn that  gets even better with age and features remarkable, Academy Award-nominated special effects. It holds up today not only as a science-fiction thriller but as a suspense mystery yarn.
 i love it .
i 'm glad to see this one of the movies that i have seen in
i think it 's a great movie to see how many of the actors in

Dungeons &amp; Dragons
10
the science fiction is a classic
special effects
this is a classic in the classic genre

Seventh Voyage of Sinbad VHS
The animated adventure VHS movie of Sinbad and his seventh voyage.
there is a lot of funny humor
 the film is a little too much for me .
the movie is a little bit too cute and i 'm happy i did n't

Down in the Valley
Set in the present-day San Fernando Valley, the project revolves around a delusional man who believes he's a cowboy and the relationship that he starts with a rebellious young woman. Well received indie feature stars Edward Norton, Evan Rachel Wood, David Morse, Bruce Dern, and Rory Culkin.
i watched it in the theater and was pleasantly surprised by the entire cast
the cast is great
he is a loser in the film

La Pianiste
This DVD is in German language (Die Klavierspielerin). The film participated in Cannes (France) 2001.
it 's a lot of humor and the humor is so funny and it 's
and her boyfriend and her boyfriend are in the middle of the film
this is one of the best films i 've seen in a long time

The Man
A case of mistaken identity forces a Federal agent (Jackson) and a dental supply salesman (Levy) to team up as they speed through the streets of Detroit to pull off a sting operation and solve the murder of the agent's former partner. <P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>Deleted Scenes</b><br><b>Gag Reel</b><br><b>Theatrical Trailer</b><br>
the musical score is great
the dvd extras are great
the colors are vibrant

Kissing Jessica Stein
Sex and the single girl gets a fresh new spin in this "very funny movie"! (Joel Siegel, Good morning America) Fed up with her fruitless search for "Mr. Right" and tired of blind dates from hell, attractive journalist Jessica Stein whimsically responds to a classified ad - from Helen! Making and breaking new rules of dating as they go, the two women muddle through an earnest but hilarious courtship that blurs the lines between friendship and romantic love in this "smashing romantic comedy" (Rolling Stone)
the vampire hunter in the film is a little more than a film
 it 's a shame that the film is so much more than a classic
the film 's climax is a thrilling ride

The Wolf Man - The Legacy Collection (The Wolf Man / Werewolf of London / Frankenstein Meets the Wolf Man / She-Wolf of London)
For the first time ever, the original The Wolf Man film comes to DVD in this extraordinary Legacy Collection. Included in the collection is the original classic, starring the renowned Lon Chaney Jr., and three timeless sequels, featuring legendary actor Bela Lugosi and others. These are the landmark films that inspired an entire genre of movies and continue to be major influences on motion pictures to this day.
 i have to say that this is the best of the series .
the dvd was a good movie with a good ending .
this is a good flick

Tunes of Glory VHS
Virtuoso performances fuel this powerful drama about the pressures of military life. Alec Guinness (<I>The Bridge on the River Kwai</I>) stars as a gruff Scottish officer who refuses to relinquish his regiment to an aristocratic colonel (Oscar&#174;-winner John Mills, <I>Ryan's Daughter</I>). The impeccable supporting cast includes Kay Walsh and Susannah York in her film debut.
it 's a good movie for the first time i 've seen a lot of
it is a little too much for slapstick and slapstick
 it 's a shame that the director 's cut is n't as good as

Never Cry Wolf VHS
Filmed amid spectacular wilderness vistas, NEVER CRY WOLF reveals a world of hypnotic beauty and breathtaking cinematic imagery. An unforgettable adventure begins as Tyler, a young inexperienced biologist, is deposited alone onto the desolate Arctic terrain. Once settled, he struggles to endure the forces of nature as he documents the mysterious habits of the wolves he has been sent to study. An odyssey of self-discovery told through captivating drama, NEVER CRY WOLF is a haunting, lyrical film from the director of THE BLACK STALLION.
it turns out to be a good performance
 it 's a shame that the film is n't as good as the first
 i 'm sure that this is a good film , but it 's a

 An American Carol [Blu-ray]
From David Zucker, the director of The Naked Gun and Airplane! comes a bare-knuckle comedy where no one is safe from the onslaught of lunacy. When obnoxious Hollywood director Michael Malone organizes a Ban the 4th of July campaign, his efforts are upended by a gang of spirits from America s past. Zucker roasts a herd of sacred cows in this latest parody featuring an all-star cast.
it 's a good watch to watch
the actors are good and the actors are great
the first two episodes of the series is a great addition to the original series

Don't Look Now VHS
Working with elements of the traditional horror genre - second sight, ESP, warnings from the dead, a mad killer - and a cinematography of disquieting beauty and dreamlike sense of dislocation, director Nicolas Roeg weaves a fabric of anxiety that questions all reality. The evocative use of the back streets of Venice is a sinister participant in the action based on the novel by Daphne du Maurier. This intensely erotic and macabre film boasts outstanding performances by Julie Christie and Donald Sutherland.
please describe the audio and video quality of any blu-ray you review
this movie is a good movie to watch
a great talent

Lovely &amp; Amazing
A story of women and their obsessions. Blethyn plays mother to three girls who all have their own quirks and identities. It's a story with a message, celebrate what you have and not be obsessed with what you do or don't have.
a great film
the cast is excellent
the performances are uniformly excellent

Lethal Weapon: The Complete Series
CONTAINS: LETHAL WEAPON, LETHAL WEAPON 2, LETHAL WEAPON 3, ANDLETHAL WEAPON 4.
the photography is beautiful and the story is very good
a classic in the early 1950s
a great actor

Drive Thru
High schooler Mackenzie Carpenter thinks her biggest problem is dying of boredom in the bucolic wasteland of Orange County... until her classmates start dying of massive blood loss, and Horny The Clown, the mascot for local burger favorite HELLA-BURGER, begins madly stalking her with cryptic messages hidden in 70's kitsch toys. It isn't until Mac discovers her unbelievable connection to Horny and his victims that she realizes, if she's going to live to see 18, she must come face-to-face with the killer clown in the bloodiest week Blanca Carne, California, has ever known.
the dvd is a great package to dvd and you will be disappointed with the
this is a great movie to watch with your collection
the killer is a killer who is in the same way

Gladiator VHS
Guaranteed to work or your money back - PLEASE NOTE ALL MONIES FROM THIS SALE GO TO A 501 (C)3 NO KILL ANIMAL SHELTER
the best part of the film is the first time i watched it
a horror film that is not scary
the movie 's a good movie

Amityville II: The Possession VHS
Horror, action movie in VHS format
 &quot .
the plot is simple and the plot is very good
the best films of the series are the best of the series

Silver Bullet VHS
Silver Bullets Book
the characters are so good
the best actor in the movie
a career in a career

The Cottage
Forced into hiding after their kidnapping plan goes awry, two rival siblings, David (Andy Serkis - The Lord of the Rings trilogy) and Peter (Reece Shearsmith - Shaun of the Dead), find themselves fighting for their sanity while they hole up in a secluded country cottage. Weighed down by a hostage who refuses to stay quiet, or tied down, they are soon held captive by their own victim. But everyone's problems go from bad to worse when they come face-to-face with their psychotic axe-wielding neighbor.
and it turns out to be a good
and it 's one of the best performances of all time
and some of the performances are excellent

Tyler Perry's Temptation: Confessions Of A Marriage Counselor Digital
An explosive romance about forbidden desires, TYLER PERRY'S TEMPTATION tells the provocative story of Judith, an ambitious married woman whose temptation by a handsome billionaire leads to betrayal, recklessness and forever alters the course of her life. <br /><br />TYLER PERRY&rsquo;S TEMPTATION is written for the screen, produced and directed by Tyler Perry. Lionsgate and TPS Present, A TPS/Lionsgate Production, A Film by Tyler Perry.
 i have to wait for the next installment to the series .
and a great deal of the original cast
but he 's a great performance

Jack Irish anglais
Jack Irish (Guy Pearce) is a man getting his life back together again. A former criminal lawyer whose world imploded, he now spends his days as a part-time investigator, debt collector, apprentice cabinet maker, punter and sometime lover the complete man really. An expert in finding those who don t want to be found dead or alive, Jack helps out his mates while avoiding the past. That is until the past finds him... 


Bad Debts and Black Tide 2 Disc Set
i watched it in the theater and was a little too much
the special features are great
the first two episodes are the best

Titanic VHS
1953
there are some good moments
the special effects are very good
the special effects are good

The Hamiltons: After Dark Horrorfest
The Hamiltons seem to be the picture-perfect American family. They are hardworking community members; giving to their local charities, attending town hall meetings and always respectful of their neighbors...except for the fact that they usually end up killing them.
there is a lot of fun and hilarious in this movie
this is a great adventure adventure
and there are moments of the movie

Serpent &amp; the Rainbow VHS
Serpent & the Rainbow [VHS]
it 's worth watching
 it 's a shame that the director did n't get much better .
i have watched this movie several times

Sharknado
When a freak hurricane swamps Los Angeles, thousands of sharks terrorize the waterlogged populace, and nature's deadliest killer rules sea, land, and air.
the picture quality is excellent and the picture quality is excellent
the special features are great
this is a great movie

Reds VHS
Warren Beatty's lengthy 1981 drama about American Communist John Reed and his relationships with both the Russian Revolution and a writer named Louise Bryant (Diane Keaton) is a compelling piece of little-known history told in a uniquely personal way. Beatty plays Reed as he did the title gangster in <I>Bugsy</I> and Senator in <I>Bulworth</I>, as a visionary likely to die before anyone fully recognizes the progressiveness of the vision, including those who are supposed to be on the same page. Jack Nicholson has an interesting part as fellow intellectual Eugene O'Neill, and the late author Jerzy Kosinski--himself a refugee from then-Soviet-controlled Poland--makes a strong impression as Reed's problematic Russian liaison. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the acting is great and the acting is great
i have to say that i was a little disappointed in the first season
it 's a good watch to watch

Tootsie VHS
One of the touchstone movies of the 1980s, <I>Tootsie</I> stars Dustin Hoffman as an out-of-work actor who disguises himself as a dowdy, middle-aged woman to get a part on a hit soap opera. The scheme works, but while he/she keeps up the charade, Hoffman's character comes to see life through the eyes of the opposite sex. The script by Larry Gelbart (with Murray Schisgal) is a winner, and director Sydney Pollack brings taut proficiency to the comedy and sensitivity to the relationship nuances that emerge from Hoffman's drag act. Great supporting work from Teri Garr, Dabney Coleman, Charles Durning, Bill Murray, and pre-stardom Geena Davis. But the film finally belongs to Hoffman, who seems to connect with the character at a very deep and abiding level. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
the movie is a little bit of a twist in the movie
the film starts out with a bang
this movie is a great family movie

Doctor Who - The Ark in Space VHS
Originally aired in 1975, this VHS tape contains the omnibus (feature-length) version of this classic Dr Who story. Starring Tom Baker, Elizabeth Sladen and Ian Marter.
the cast is excellent
the dvd transfer is excellent
a great movie for the whole family

The Thin Red Line VHS
Terrence Malick's adaptation of James Jones' autobiographical 1962 novel, focusing on the conflict at Guadalcanal during the second World War.
 if you are a fan of the show , and , the story is
this is a great film
this is one of the best episodes in the series

Invaders from Mars VHS
A young boy learns that space aliens are taking over the minds of earthlings.
great movie
5 stars out of 4
the animation is great

Benny &amp; Joon VHS
An oddball love story about a fey loner named Sam (Johnny Depp), who falls in love with the mentally unbalanced Joon (Mary Stuart Masterson), who lives in the care of her protective brother Benny (Aidan Quinn). This 1993 story is hard to swallow, with its message that love can conquer a brand of mental illness that manifests itself in pyromania: Joon has a bad habit of going a bit around the bend and setting fires, but Sam's tender care apparently has the cure for what ails her. Still, if you want proof that Depp has significant chops as a physical comedian, give this film a try: He does note-perfect renditions of slapstick routines made famous by Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton. <I>--Marshall Fine</I>
the directing is bad
the director and director made this film a few times
the dvd has some good special features

Mangler VHS
Possessed by a bloodthirsty demon, a giant steam iron goes mad in a tiny New England town in this horror film.
and the extra features are great
this film is a great film
i was a kid and i would recommend this film to anyone who likes a

Cat's Eye VHS
An anthology of three Stephen King short stories, connected by a supernatural stray cat who wanders through each tale.
the movie is very good
but the film is a haunting and haunting
the director 's cut is not the same director

The Barbarian Invasions
Academy Award(R) winner for Best Foreign Language Film in 2003, THE BARBARIAN INVASIONS is a provocative look at the many ties that bind a group of friends and lovers. It's not easy for a narrow-minded professor (Rmy Girard) to reconcile with his equally stubborn son. But soon, father and son find themselves gathering with their wide and colorful circle of family and friends to confront their differences, confess their secrets, and celebrate life! Winner of the Best Actress (Marie-Jose Croze) and Best Screenplay awards at the prestigious Cannes Film Festival -- critics everywhere hailed this outstanding motion picture as one of the year's best!
the performances are very good
the special features are great
the performances are great

Alexander
Academy award winning director Oliver Stone presents a breathtaking new cut of his sweeping epic film, ALEXANDER, the true story of the world's greatest warrior. Using new footage and dramatically reshaping dozens of scenes, he brings to life the overpowering forces and fierce personalities that forever changed history. Torn by the war between his parents (Angelina Jolie and Val Kilmer), Alexander (Colin Farrell) left Greece to face massive armies in Persia, Afghanistan and India -- and was never defeated. "Fortune favors the bold" Stone powerfully demonstrates in this bold new film, ALEXANDER DIRECTOR'S CUT. <P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>Audio Commentary:</b>Oliver Stone<br><b>Documentaries</b><br>
this is a good sequel
i am not sure that the extended cut is the extended version of the original
the lighting is very good

Sleepwalkers VHS
Stephen King's Sleepwalkers is about a half-human, half-cat race of shape shifters called, for no apparent reason, sleepwalkers. Hunky Charles Brady (Brian Krause) and his incestuous mother (Alice Krige) are sleepwalkers, and they've come to the sm
this movie is very funny and funny
this is a great movie
and there are some funny moments

Beast of Yucca Flats VHS
Tor Johnson Horror
the big screen hits you in the end
it 's a good movie to watch
and the director 's cut is the worst of the film

Amelie
Nominated for five Academy Awards including Best Original Screenplay, this magical comedy earned overwhelming acclaim nationwide! A painfully shy waitress working at a tiny Paris cafe, Amlie makes a surprising discovery and sees her life drastically changed for the better! From then on, Amlie dedicates herself to helping others find happiness ... in the most delightfully unexpected way! But will she have the courage to do for herself what she has done for others?
this is a good horror movie that is a must see
it has a lot of great camera work
this is a great film and i have to say that it is a great

The Wild
Go wild with the hysterical adventure the New York Daily News calls "truly infectious!" Disney uncages the laughs in the hip and hilarious comedy THE WILD. When a band of furry friends escape from the city zoo, they discover that New York City is the biggest, craziest jungle of all. Now, faced with a new journey and the challenge of a lifetime, they must work together if they are going to survive on the outside. THE WILD is ferocious fun that will have your whole family roaring with laughter.
i have to say that the actors did a great job
he discovers that he is a new coach
i watched it in the theater

Urban Legends: Bloody Mary
From director Mary Lambert (Pet Sematary, The In Crowd), the terrifying Urban Legend trilogy comes full circle with URBAN LEGENDS: BLOODY MARY, delivering enough hair-raising scares to rival The Grudge and The Ring. On a prom-night dare, a trio of high-school friends chant an incantation, unleashing an evil spirit from the past with deadly consequences. That same night, the girls are abducted by a gang of high-school jocks. Once rescued, their tormentors receive their just desserts, dying one by one in a chain reaction of gruesome murders, each with a bizarre "Urban Legend" twist. Is it all just a high-school prank taken to grisly extremes - or has "Bloody Mary" returned from the grave to wreak her own vengeance?
it has some great action sequences
 i love it .
the colors are vibrant and the colors are vibrant and the colors are vibrant

The Mexican
Jerry Welbach must travel to Mexico to acquire a priceless and perhaps cursed antique pistol known as "The Mexican" for his mob boss. Jerry begins to believe the curse is real when his girlfriend is kidnapped by a hit man to ensure the pistol's safe return.
but it is a romance that you can see
and it 's a good young teen film
this film is a little slow

This Boys Life VHS
True story
and his performance is brilliant
theres theres one of the best things i have ever seen
and the ending was very good

Suck
The Winners are a down and out band who find their road to stardom by riding rock-n-rolls highway to hell. It all begins when their bass player, Jennifer (Jessica Par), disappears with a mysterious vampire and reemerges with a sexual charisma that drives the audiences wild. Now, The Winners are topping the charts and blazing a bloody trail across North America with legendary vampire hunter Eddie Van Helsing (Malcolm McDowell) hunting them along the way. Who knew fame and immortality could suck like this?
it 's a very good movie
the filmmakers are not in the same way
the film is a very good scene in the film

The Living Daylights The James Bond 007 Collection  VHS
Produced in 1987, Bond: Living Daylights directed by John Glen and staring Timothy Dalton, Maryam D'Abo, Joe Don Baker, Art Malik, Jeroen Krabbe, and Ian Fleming.
this film is a great actor and a good story with a great cast and
the movie is one of the best movies of all time
the soundtrack is great

 Alice in Wonderland [Blu-ray]
ALICE IN WONDERLAND - BD
a movie that is a great movie to watch
i was a big screen
the scenery is beautiful and the scenery is beautiful

White Noise
The year's most disturbing thriller explores the unsettling possibility that the dead can contact usall we have to do is listen. When architect Jonathan Rivers (Michael Keaton) loses his wife in a tragic accident, he turns to the shadowy, unnerving world of Electronic Voice Phenomenon - communication from beyond the grave. But as he begins to penetrate the mysteries of EVP, Jonathan makes a shocking discovery: once a portal to the other world is opened, there's no telling what will come through it.
it is a great movie
the cast is excellent
with the two main characters

Donnie Darko
In the tradition of Urban Legends and Final Destination, Donnie Darko is an edgy, psychological thriller about a suburban teen coming face-to-face wit his dark destiny. Jake Gyllenhaal leads a star-filled cast (including Drew Barrymore, Noah Wyle, Jena Malone, Patrick Swayze and Mary McDonnell) as a delusional high-school student visited by a demonic rabbit with eerie visions of the past - and deadly predictions for the future. This "excitingly original" (Entertainment Weekly) nail-biter will keep you on the edge of your seat until the mind-bending climax.
the movie is worth watching and one to watch it again and again
it 's a good flick
the sequel is not bad

Journey to the Center of the Earth VHS
James Mason plays Professor Oliver Lindenbrook, a scientist hoping to find the world's core in this 1959 adaptation of the Jules Verne novel. He leads his unusual party on an expedition to the center of the earth, by way of a volcano in Iceland. On the way, they encounter enormous mushrooms and giant prehistoric monsters. Produced by Michael Todd with then-spectacular special effects, the story was modernized to 1950s sensibilities. Mason gives this class, while Arlene Dahl and Diane Baker are the romantic interests. And Pat Boone is more palatable than you might expect as a secondary lead. You can watch this with your children and not be bored, and they will surely love it. <i>--Rochelle O'Gorman</i>
i 'm sure that the producers would have been a good star
the surprises in the movie are the best
the casting was good

Barefoot Contessa VHS
Video tape in display box.
the first time i saw it in the theater
funny it is a funny movie with a lot of laughs .
the best of the greatest comedians of the year

Toy Story VHS
Clam Shell Shows wear.
 i have to say that i have to say that i have to say
great actors and good acting
it 's a good action adventure

Phantasm 3:Lord of the Dead VHS
Great classic horror VHS.
he is a great actor
the actors are good
this movie is a great movie

The World Is Not Enough VHS
James Bond uncovers a nuclear plot when he protects an oil heiress from her former kidnapper, an international terrorist who can't feel pain.
the dialogue is witty and the dialogue is great and the story is a little
i have to say that the directors have a great time
 i love the movie , and i watched it twice .

Automaton Transfusion
The United States Army began developing a procedure to bring back the dead with the purpose of having them fight instead of the living. The testing takes a horrific turn and an experimental town quickly becomes overtaken by zombies. Three desperate high school students decide to fight back in a battle for survival.
the dialogue is beautiful and the dialogue is beautiful and the story is very well
 !
 i love the love story , and the love story , love the story

Aguirre, the Wrath of God VHS
Aguirre, the Wrath of God [VHS]
the film starts out with a great cast
the ending is great
casting casting

The Pianist
Nominated for 7 Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and winner of 3, The Pianist stars Oscar winner Adrien Brody in the true-life story of brilliant pianist and composer Wladyslaw Szpilman, the most acclaimed young musician of his time until his promising career was interrupted by the onset of World War II. This powerful, ultimately triumphant film follows Szpilman's heroic and inspirational journey of survival with the unlikely help from a sympathetic German officer (Thomas Kretschmann). A truly unforgettable epic, testifying to both the power of hope and the resiliency of the human spirit, The Pianist is a miraculous tale of survival masterfully brought to life by visionary filmmaker Roman Polanski in his most personal movie ever.
 i was not expecting much to say .
the humor is great
the acting is great

Twisted
Ashley Judd, Samuel L. Jackson, Andy Garcia. A detective is on the hunt for a killer whose victims all have a connection to her-but the detective's frequent blackouts at crucial times lead her partner to become suspicious. 2004/color/97 min/R.
this is a science fiction movie that is n't as good as the first one
i read the reviews on this movie
the movie is great entertainment

Topaz VHS
Topaz [VHS]
the beautiful cinematography
the film 's characters in the film
the movie is a little too long

Uhf VHS
OUT OF PRINT
 the story is a little too .
the dvd features a great cast
the cinematography is beautiful and the cinematography is excellent

Conversation(s) With Other Women
At a New York City wedding reception, two guests, seemingly strangers, become entangled in a sexually-charged battle of wits. But as the night carries on in a cigarette smoke haze, the nameless couple's repartee deepens to reveal the passion of their two decades past love affair. Unfolding entirely in split-screen, director Hans Canosa's feature debut is an unconventional and poignant love story.
the cast is excellent and the cast is excellent
this film is a very powerful film
the ending is a good example of the film

The King and I VHS
Musical about a widow who accepts a job as a live-in governess of the King of Siam's children.
 the story is a little bit too much for me , and i do
the production is excellent
but the performance is good

Chitty Chitty Bang Bang VHS
This remastered, pan-and-scan 30th-anniversary edition of that kiddie-car caper is flawed but solid family fare. It retains a quaint charm while some of the songs--including the title tune--are quite hummable. A huge plus is Dick Van Dyke, who is extremely appealing as an eccentric inventor around the turn of the century. With nimble fingers and a unique way of looking at the world, he invents for his children a magic car that floats and flies. Or does he? The special effects are tame by today's standards, and the film is about 20 minutes too long--but its enthusiasm charms. The script was cowritten by Roald Dahl and based on the novel by Ian Fleming, best known for his James Bond adventures. <I>--Rochelle O'Gorman</I>
i like a good flick
the ensemble cast is great
and they discover that they are in the end

Laurel Canyon VHS
VHS TAPE
a man who discovers a man in the woods
the film 's climax is a bit of a disappointment in the way
and the ending is one of the most disturbing and disturbing endings of the film

The Blob VHS
A fun scary movie with lots of twists and deaths.
the director is a great director
the story is great and the twists and turns are great
and it is a great film

Y Tu Mama Tambien
Julio and Tenoch are two teens ruled by raging hormonesand a mission to consume exotic substances. But one summer, the boys learn more about life than they bargain for when they set off on a wild, cross-country road trip with seductive, 28-year-old Luisa. Both boys taste forbidden fruit as Luisa schools them in the finer points of passion, but will their mutual desire for her destroy their friendship forever?
and her performance in this film is the best performance of the year
but she 's one of her best roles
but she 's a great performance

Incendies
Directed by Denis Villeneuve. Starring Mlissa Dsormeaux-Poulin, Abdelghafour Elaaziz, Lubna Azabal.
i think it 's a romantic comedy
i liked this movie
the actors are good and the actors are great

The Addams Family VHS
Director Barry Sonnenfeld (<I>Men in Black</I>) brings his distinctly cartoonish sensibility to this feature film version of the old Charles Addams comic strip. Anjelica Huston was born to play Morticia Addams, matriarch of the ghoulish Addams clan, while the late Raul Julia is a very agreeable, lusty Gomez. But it's Christina Ricci who arguably steals the show as their stone-faced daughter, Wednesday. As is often the problem with adaptations of comics or television shows, somehow an original story has to be implemented that doesn't clutter things up. But clutter is an issue here as the script gets tangled on a lame plot concerning efforts to steal the Addams' house and fortune. Still, it's fun to see an ideal cast reanimate an old favorite. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
i was a little disappointed in this movie
the score is great
with a great actor

The Mouse That Roared VHS
An impoverished backward nation declares a war on the United States of America, hoping to lose, but things don't go according to plan.
it turns out to be a good story
it is a good film for the audiences
the script is wonderful

Abraham Lincoln vs Zombies
While the Civil War rages on, President Abraham Lincoln must undertake an even more daunting task: Destroying the Confederate Undead.
the acting and directing are great
this is a great movie
the cast is great and the story is a little too funny

Santa Claus Conquers the Martians VHS
VHS
i have to admit that there are some very funny moments in this film
i love this film and i 'm not sure why i would have to give
with interviews with the cast and crew of the cast

Matango: Attack of the Mushroom People
Directed by Ishiro Honda (The Godzilla Series!) After a yacht is damaged in a storm and its boarders stranded on a deserted island the passengers; a psychologist and his girlfriend, a wealthy businessman, a famous singer, a writer, a sailor and his skipper take refuge in a mysterious fungus-covered boat. While using the MUSHROOMS for sustenance they find in the ships journal that the mushrooms re poisonous, however some members of the shipwrecked party continue to ingest the mysterious fungi transforming them into hideous ungal monsters. One of the strangest and most horrific TOHO productions to date.
this is a drama that you can see in the end
 this is a very good film .
this movie is a little slow but it 's a shame that the movie is

House
This is from my personal collection and is in great condition.
this is a great movie
there are some good performances
there 's a great cast

In the Mood for Love
Hong Kong, 1962: Chow Mo-wan and Su Li-zhen move into neighboring apartments on the same day. Their encounters are polite and formal-until a discovery about their respective spouses sparks an intimate bond. At once delicately mannered and visually stunning, Wong Kar-wai's <I>In the Mood for Love</I> is a masterful evocation of romantic longing and fleeting moments in time.
this is a great package
the ending is interesting and the ending is predictable
the script is very good and the script is very good

The Warriors VHS
Walter Hill's controversial 1979 drama was blamed for causing gang violence at theaters, but now it looks as highly stylized and pulpy as Hill (<i>Last Man Standing</i>) intended. The plot finds a New York gang having to cross the territory of rivals in order to get to their own 'hood. A sort of urban Western with a comic-book pace, artificial colors, fable-like tone, and broad acting, the film isn't intended to steep us in gritty realities so much as spin a decadent fantasy out of them. Still, this is a tough film with an almost futuristic element to its characterizations of gang activity, and it is more absorbing than Hill's more elaborate youth opera of punk wars, <i>Streets of Fire</i>. <i>--Tom Keogh</i>
but the movie is one of the best movies ever made
but the movie is a great spoof of the superhero movie
it is a good start

Stuck
Mena Suvari (American Beauty) unforgettably stars as Brandi, a hard-partying, overworked nursing assistant in this delicious, darkly humorous psychological thriller from director Stuart Gordon (Re-Animator, From Beyond). Brandi accidentally steers her car into a homeless man, movingly played by Stephen Rea (The Crying Game), sending him flying through the windshield. Not wanting to jeopardize a possible job promotion, she chooses not to get him medical help, leaving him clinging to life in her garage. But soon her psyche begins to unravel as captor and captive are pitted against each other in a bloody...even outrageous battle for survival. Director Stuart Gordon delivers what Variety called &#34;ingeniously nasty and often shockingly funny&#34; entertainment.
one of the best films of the year
the film is a little too long and it 's a shame that the film
great chemistry

Superman 3 VHS
Here was a case in which the progenitors of this successful comic-book adaptation figured they had to go in a new direction--and chose the wrong one. For starters, they recruited comedian Richard Pryor, who was the kiss of death for almost every movie he was in except his own concert films. He plays a computer specialist who is hired by a criminal mastermind (Robert Vaughan) to help him take on Superman by exposing him to a new form of Kryptonite: red Kryptonite, which always had unpredictable effects in the comic books. In this film, it splits Superman in two, dividing his good self from his dark side. The special effects had gone about as far as they could, and this movie strains to hold an audience's interest for its full running length. <I>--Marshall Fine</I>
this movie is a good example of how the movie is
well worth owning
i watched this movie in the theater and it was a little too much to

Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy
Will Ferrel (<em>Old School</em>, <em>Elf</em>) is Ron Burgundy, a top-rated 1970's San Diego anchorman who believes women have a place in the newsroom - as long as they stick to covering fashion shows or late-breaking cooking stories. So when ron is told he'll be working with a bright young newswoman (Christina Applegate) who's beautiful, ambitious and smart enough to be more than eye candy, it's not just a clash of two TV people with really great hair - it's war! Filled with wicked wit and slapstick humor, <em>Anchorman </em>is the year's most wildly irreverent, must-see comedy hit!
and the romance in this movie
i have to say that the film is a lot of the cinema in the
and the performances are great

Godsend
When their child dies at a young age in an accident, a couple turns to a maverick and his cutting edge stem cell research to bring their son back through cloning. The resultant child is very similar to their original son, but something has changed.
 i loved this movie .
i have seen this movie in the theater and i was a little boy
the best picture quality is available on dvd

Hawaii VHS
Adventure about Hawaii.
this film is excellent
this is a powerful drama
the dvd transfer is excellent

Burn Witch Burn VHS
Peter Wyngarde plays a psychology professor at an English school whose American-born wife (Janet Blair) turns out to be a powerful witch.
this movie is really funny
i love the accent and the acting is hilarious
this movie is a cute and funny movie

Russian Ark VHS
new
there is a lot of drama in this film
the characters are great
the bonus features are included

Attack of the Crab Monsters VHS
Sci-Fi classic with mutant crabs
i was a little disappointed but i did n't like this movie but it was
the filmmakers did n't like this movie
the best adaptation of the movie

Wicked Little Things
Recently widowed Karen Tunny and her two daughters, Sarah and Emma, move to a remote mountain home which Karen has inherited from the family of her late husband. However, she is unaware that the home is situated near an old mine, the site of an early 20th century tragedy in which many children where buried alive..
this movie is a great movie
he 's a very good apartment
 .

Spun
Three days of epic drug binging become a meth-induced odyssey for college dropout Ross when he becomes the local crystal meth cook's personal driver in exchange for free drugs. Bouncing from one bizarre situation to another, Ross slowly slips deeper and deeper into the crazy anonymous world of speed freaks in which there exists no boundaries or morality. With an all star cast including Brittany Murphy, Jason Schwartzman, John Leguizamo, Patrick Fugit, Mena Suvari, and an unfortunate green dog,get ready to see the city through eyes that can't sleep. It's SPUN.
the remake was a little better than the original
i was surprised to see this film on the big screen
but it was a bit of a bit of humor in the film

Maximum Conviction
When former black ops operative Tom Steele (Steven Seagal) and his partner Manning (Steve Austin) are assigned to decommission an old prison, they must oversee the arrival of two mysterious female prisoners. Before long, an elite force of mercenaries assault the prison in search of the new arrivals. As the true identities of the women are revealed, Steele realizes he's caught in the middle of something far bigger than he had imagined.
the actors are great
this is a series of comedy in the series
 it 's a shame that the writers did n't have to get the first

This is the End
While attending a party at James Franco's house, Seth Rogen, Jay Baruchel and many other celebrities are faced with the apocalypse.
i love this movie and i love it
the cast is uniformly excellent
this is a film that is worth watching

Four Weddings &amp; A Funeral VHS
Over the course of five social occasions, a committed bachelor must consider the notion that he may have discovered love.
this movie is a good example of how the movie was
the special features are good
this is a great edition of the dvd and the extras are great

Affliction VHS
A deeply troubled small town cop investigates a suspicious hunting death while events occur that cause him to mentally disintegrate.
 i 'm not sure that i 'm not a fan of the series .
the special features are great
i have read the reviews of this movie

Zack And Miri Make A Porno
Kevin Smith directs this romantic comedy starring Seth Rogen and Elizabeth Banks as lifelong platonic friends and roommates Zack and Miri. Facing hard times and a mountain of debt, they seize upon the idea of making a homegrown adult film in order to ease their cashflow problems, and enlist the help of their friends to carry out their plan. The two vow that having sex will not ruin their friendship - but as filming begins, what started out as a straightforward business proposition between friends turns into something much more complicated.
 i was a little too much .
the heroine in the film is the only reason i 've seen in the film
the storyline is very good

Simone
After the lead actress drops out of his latest project, a movie producer replaces her with an entirely CGI-character who becomes a major star. The producer must continue the charade when the public does not realize the actress is CGI-generated.<P><b>DVD Features:</b><br><b>DVD ROM Features:</b>Script-to-screen<br><b>DVD ROM exclusive web site:</b>The real S1M0NE websites<br><b>Deleted Scenes:</b>Deleted scenes with direct access from the film<br><b>Documentaries:</b>Cyber Stardom; Simulating S1M0NE FX<br><b>Full Screen Version:</b>Widescreen and fullscreen versions of the film<br><b>Interactive Menus</b><br><b>Scene Access</b><br><b>Theatrical Trailer:</b>Teaser trailer; Theatrical trailer<br>
the script is so good that it 's not a bad script
the second season of the show
and the second season of the series

From Dusk Till Dawn 3: The Hangman's Daughter
The latest bone-chilling installment of FROM DUSK TILL DAWN reveals how this frightening saga all began! Narrowly escaping death, outlaw Johnny Madrid (Marco Leonardi -- LIKE WATER FOR CHOCOLATE) is on the run from the hangman (Temuera Morrison -- SIX DAYS, SEVEN NIGHTS) ... with the hangman's sensuous daughter Esmeralda by his side! Along with Madrid's gang, Johnny and Esmeralda embark on an adventure filled with colorful and unsavory characters who lead them straight into the fight of their lives! Also featuring Danny Trejo (CON AIR), Rebecca Gayheart (SCREAM 2), and Michael Parks (FROM DUSK TILL DAWN 1&2) -- you won't want to miss a minute of epic confrontation that results in Esmeralda's discovery of her secret birthright!
i was watching the movie in the theater
this movie starts out with a great start
it 's a good movie to watch

Eureka: Season One
Some of the government's best-kept secrets are waiting to be uncovered as Eureka:Season One arrives on DVD! Step into the quirky and seemingly perfect small town of Eureka, where the hidden work of America's brightest scientists can lead to innovation or utter chaos. Making sense of the mysteries is Sheriff Jack Carter (Colin Ferguson), a former U.S. marshal who is stranded in the surreal small town after a random car accident. Now fans can get in on his entertaining adventures with this 3-disc set packed with over 10 hours of bonus features and innovatively packaged in eco-friendly materials that were "Made in Eureka." Nothing is as it seems in the brilliant and witty new series critics are calling "the most original new drams" (The Courier-Journal).
the cast is excellent
the cast is great
the story is a good action movie with a great deal of humor

The Caller
Troubled divorcee Mary Kee (Rachelle Lefevre Twilight) is tormented by a series of sinister phone calls from a mysterious woman. When the stranger implies that she's calling from the past, Mary tries to break off contact. But the caller doesn't like being ignored, and looks for revenge in a unique and terrifying way. Also starring Stephen Moyer (HBO's "True Blood").
this is one of the best films of all time
 a great film for the whole family .
with a great cast

Rose Red [VHS]
VHS Tape is New Never Opened Never Played. NEW OLD STOCK.
a score is also a great score
i liked the plot and the plot was n't really good
the film is a very good film that was released in the theatres

Eating Raoul VHS
vhs
a big hit in the 70s
a great thriller
is worth watching

F for Fake VHS
Master storyteller Orson Welles weaves a wry, often whimsical, documentary about the nature of art to bedazzle and fool us all. With mock intensity, Welles investigates the charming Elmyr de Hory, who makes a lavish living painting fake Picassos and Matisses. Equally captivating is Welles' own trickery and a glimpse behind his public facade.
i watched this movie when it was first released
 i was not sure why i did not like this movie .
 if you like the movie , you will be disappointed .

Predator 2 VHS
Los Angeles is enduring a heat wave and a crime wave, so the pressure on police officer Michael Harrigan (Danny Glover) to solve a strange string of murders is mounting. Harrigan thinks the culprit can be found among the warring gangs and drug cartels, but FBI Special Agent Peter Keyes (Gary Busey) knows the horrible truth: Their killer is a fearsome extraterrestrial (Kevin Peter Hall) with keen hunting abilities that include superior night vision and the power to make itself invisible.
the cast is excellent
this movie is great
the movie is not bad

Uptown Girls
When the inheritance of a rich spoiled daughter of a deceased rock star is stolen, the young woman has to find her first job in order to make a living. After realizing that she's not qualified for anything, she accepts a position as the nanny to an emotionally distant eight-year-old. They find solace in the fact that they both consider themselves lonely.
the scenery is beautiful
the actor is a great actor
a great horror movie

Sarah Silverman - Jesus is Magic
Sarah Silverman: Jesus Is Magic, the movie, is the years most outrageous comedy starring the funniest, sexy woman in America today - Sarah Silverman. Sarah delivers her trademark comedy that is so outrageous you have to watch her film over and over again. Available only in its original unrated, uncut theatrical version.
i first saw this movie when i was a kid
and a good buy
and some laughs in the first season

The Forsaken
Sean (Kerr Smith) is driving cross-country to deliver a vintage Mercedes and attend his sister's wedding when he picks up a hitchhiker, Nick (Brendan Fehr), who just happens to be a vampire hunter, tracking down a group of youthful vampires that feed on unwary travelers. As the plot thickens, they run into Megan, (Isabella Miko) who has been left for dead by the vampires. As they use her as a lure for the vampires, Sean becomes attracted to her. Further complications ensue when Sean is infectedwith the vampire virus. He, Megan and Nick must race against time to kill the vampire leader (Jonathon Schaech) to stop Sean from becoming one of the undead.
 i have to say that it was a good film .
it 's a good rental
there are some funny moments in this film

Vanilla Sky VHS
VHS TAPE USED VERY GOOD CONDITION
vhs box 4
the action scenes are very good
this is one of the best films of the year
 it 's a shame that the director did n't get into the story .

The Prince of Tides VHS
Romantic movie, love, impossible relationships.
it is a very good drama
the acting is bad
but it is worth a watch

History of the World Part 1 VHS
Mel Brooks's 1981, three-part comedy--set in the Stone Age, the Roman Empire, and the French Revolution--is pure guilty pleasure. Narrated by Orson Welles and featuring a lot of famous faces in guest appearances (beyond the official cast), the film opens well with Sid Caesar playing a caveman, then moves along to the unlikely but somehow hilarious juxtaposition of Caesar's soldiers (the other Caesar, not Sid) with pot humor, and ends on a dumb-funny note in the French bloodbath. This is a take-it-or-leave-it movie, and it works best if you're in a take-it-or-leave-it mood. <I>--Tom Keogh</I>
i think the roles are great
this is a great movie
 this is a great film .

Holy Smoke! VHS
vhs
it 's a very good movie with a lot of humor and the humor is
i did n't like the ending
this is a great romantic comedy

Reflections in a Golden Eye VHS
VHS - PREV. VIEWED.PLAYS GREAT;ORIGINAL COVERBOX WITH MINOR WEAR.;DOMESTIC SHIPS WITH D.C./FAST INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING
the cinematography is beautiful and the cinematography is excellent
the cast is excellent
i read the reviews of this film

